For the love of Christ! Look...just hold...HOLD ON. (into the phone) I've been up since the crack 'a dawn. What check? Tuition? How much does it cost to go there? NO! NO! NO! You decided he needed private school...lemme talk to Knuckles. He's not? Tell'em the phone works both ways. Oh he's my son because you need a tuition check...that's great Deana. I'm glad you tracked me down in Orlando at 7 in the fucking morning to shake me down for money. Does he even like the fucking school? No I've never seen it. Yeah I wonder why not too. I gotta 9 o'clock flight, sit tight 'till I get back to Atlanta. How am I a liar? What? No, I'll call you. That was my ex-wife. But you Trina, you could be my second or third wife if you'd just C'mere. Yeah, I'm feelin' a little light- headed. I shoulda ate somethin'. Son of a bitch! Morning Miss Marquez. Don't worry, Margaret I'm gonna get you home for your prayer meeting at...what is it? Jesus Christ Superstar 27th Baptist King Church? One of these nights, Margaret, I'm comin'. You hold my seat. G'morning. Walk around is complete. Emergency oxygen, checks. (offering the mask to No thank you sir. (tries to break the chill) My pleasure to share the chair with ya'. Didn't we fly together... No sir, not that I remember. Ken Evans, sir. Call me Whip. Yes sir. (calls to the galley) Margaret. Sweetie, will you get me a coffee, black, lots of sugar. And some aspirin. You want something? (looks to Margaret) No ma'am. Thank you. Sir, it's 8:50. Then let's push. I got a great `on time' record. Yes sir, you gottit. And how you feeling today, sir? Tired, sir. But, this is a quick turn for me. Ten turns in three days. Off tomorrow. Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're a life saver. And Margaret gettem' tucked in, we're ready to push. Nicole, this is Tiki Pot. He's my partner in this new series, he knows a lot about porn. Tiki and I are trying to put the narrative back in porn. Our Desdemona hasn't shown yet. (a great idea hatches...) You should play Desdemona. FUCK YEAH! You got that fair skin. She do anal, two thousand, one hour. Just listen, we're doing an Othello theme where the Moor finds you in bed with your nurse and- Well...yeah. We're giving a whole new meaning to the "beast with two backs." That's actually a title we're toying with...'beast with two backs' or Hole-thelo or Butt Hole- thelo...would you be up for it? College kid, very clean...BRETT?! Nic...sorry, we're tweaked, okay baby girl. Hey, c'mon you wanna stay and shoot some stills for me, you're pics are awesome. And what's going on with you? You were clean for a while and... (she begins to cry) Sweetheart, don't cry. No, keep your money, okay? But, Nicole, this is the Taliban baby, very big time. It will take you down. Don't shoot this shit, it is way too heavy. Okay, no needles and take a little coke and if you start going down just whiff a little. Okay? I wanna see you... Thanks junior. Looks pretty ugly, sir. A little rain never hurt anybody. We're not made of sugar. What's the RVR? Half a mile. Right at minimums. Wind's gusting to 29. 30 is our crosswind max. I know what our crosswind max is. Tellem were good to go at the end. SouthJet 227, say intentions. WHIP looks right at EVANS. EVANS keys the radio. Orlando ground. SouthJet 227 will be ready to go at the end. WHIP stares forward, not looking at EVANS. (reading the check-list) Elevator trim - set. Flaps, One, two, three - set. Radios - set. SouthJet 227, wind is one-zero-zero at seventeen. Runway 18L, cleared for take off. (keys the mic) Cleared for take off, SouthJet 227. It's like a video game, right? Airspeed's alive, both sides... Engine instruments are in the green...100 knots crosscheck... Yep, nothing like a little 30 knot cross wind to exercise that sphincter muscle. That's wind shear! A micro burst! Less than a thousand feet to go! Just watch my airspeed! V1...and... ...rotate. That's wind shear for sure! Yeehaw! Ride `em cowboy. Orlando Departure...SouthJet 227, climbing out of 2500 for 5 thousand, runway heading. Roger SouthJet 227. Turn left heading one-seven-zero. Climb, maintain niner thousand. Left to 170. Climb, maintain niner thousand. I don't want the auto-pilot. I'm flying. What's your ride like, SouthJet Ah, Departure, we've got some rough chop here. I'd say moderate to... (into his mic) No, severe. Definitely severe turbulence. No meal service today. Feelin' alright - Not feelin' too good myself - Feelin' alright - Not feelin' too good myself... SouthJet 227...Be advised there is a large convective cell four miles at your 11 o'clock. And another cell, 2 o'clock, 10 miles. Both moving rapidly. Copy, Center. Did you get that? Gottit Skippy. I'm just tryin' to get birdie here outta this wind bowl...What did they clear us to? We're cleared to Flight Level one- eight-thousand. Goddamnit! Enough of this shit! What are you doing!? Leveling off. What!? See that sliver of blue sitting between those two ugly bastards? That's a little pocket of smooth air squatting right over Lake Kissimmee... And we're gonna thread that fucking needle. Turn me thirty degrees right! (into his mic) Center. This is SouthJet 227, We need to divert 30 degrees right... For weather. (into his mic) ...for weather. SouthJet 227, this is Jacksonville Center. 30 Degrees, right, approved. Report back on course. Report back on course. Oh, Lord! He can't help you now, brother. Why are you leveling off, sir? I'd like to spend less time in this shitty air, Kenny. Is that alright with you? We're approaching maximum airspeed! Fucking right! I'm gonna need some speed to punch through this crap. You're over-speeding! Not yet!! Uh, SouthJet 227, this is Jacksonville Center. Say altitude. Tell `em we're climbing. (scared and lying badly) Center...uh...SouthJet 227 is leaving niner thousand...for Flight Level 180. SouthJet 227, this is Center. You need to check your Mode-C. Your transponder indicates you're descending. You're useless Evans, shit! (keys the radio) Roger. Look at your airspeed! You're too fast for this rough air! I'm right on the line Kenny. Right on the line. C'mon sweetheart, show me the sun. WHIP (cont'd) (CONT'D) Finally, daylight. Glad that's over. How tall are we? 16 thousand. That was incredible sir... Ken, turn us north and take us home. Your plane. My plane. (picks up the phone) Margaret, I'm coming out. Where you been Nicole? You're like a little ghost. I never know when you're here. As the building manager I have a legal right to enter an apartment if I believe the occupant is unwell. Especially if said occupant is not current on her rent. You could just bring the check down now, use my shower. I got good water pressure. You know that... Folks, this is Captain Whitaker. If you look up, I'm here in the galley. I will wave to you. Good Morning. I apologize for the bumps, but Florida just doesn't seem to like us Georgians. Must be the beatin' the Bulldogs put on the Gators last fall. Stretch out and relax. The air might stay a little cranky so I'm gonna ask that you sit tight if you can, with your seat belts fastened. We won't have beverage service but the girls will walk through with water and snacks and I'll have you in Atlanta in about 40 minutes. Thank you. (looks at his watch) 26 minutes. We're going to start descending any second now. SouthJet 227, Atlanta Center. Descend and maintain Flight Level 30 thousand. Descend and maintain 30 thousand. The fuck was that? The stabilizer feels really stiff. Don't force it. I have very little trim control sir. Margaret, get everybody strapped in tight. It's pulling right. Hard! Shit! It's locked up, ease up on the trim don't... I have no trim at all! We lost our hydraulics! Center, this is SouthJet 227, we've lost our hydraulics...and, ah shit! MAPower. Pull back the power! (into his mic) ...we lost hydraulics and looks like...also our horizontal stabilizer. SouthJet 227, Atlanta Center. Understand you've lost hydraulics and stabilizer? Turn on the back-up pumps! Center, that's affirm. We are in a descent, an uncontrolled... SouthJet 227, do you wish to declare an emergency!? Get belted in, everyone belt in. Brace position! I've got some control on my side! My plane! Your plane. It's stiff as hell. We're pitching up. Slowing a bit. SouthJet 227, say your condition. We need drag. Throw out everything we've got. Speed brakes. Gear... (keys his mic) Uh, Center we're in a dive...lost vertical control. SouthJet 227, Roger. ...there enough hydraulics to drop the gear? Gear's down. I don't think hydraulics is the problem. Throw out the flaps. Too fast for flaps. We need to start dumping fuel. Do it! SouthJet 227, Atlanta Center. How do you hear? (keys his mic) Atlanta. This is SouthJet 227. We are in an uncontrolled dive, descending out of...shit I don't know... (calls to Whip) 21 thousand! (into his mic) ...21 thousand. We are declaring an emergency! We are dumping fuel! We have a jammed stabilizer...or something. We need a block of altitude to work the problem...and a heading to the nearest airport! (YELLS to Evans) I'm starting to lose it! SouthJet 227. Hartsfield-Jackson International is 10 O'clock and 20 miles from your present position. Maintain block altitude, Flight Level 10 thousand through Flight Level 20 thousand. Turn left heading 260. 260...we'll do our best. It's getting away from me! I can't hold...dump the flaps! We're still fast. DO IT! 30 percent! That bought us a little time. We need to revert to manual control. Your side first, pul... SouthJet 227, Atlanta. Fuel dump is approved. Thank you. Evans, look at me! Manual Reversion. Red lever, on the floor, far side of the console. I got it. Pull it up, turn it clockwise, push it back down. Nothing! No control! Goddamn it!! I can't let go! Can you reach mine? I can't reach it. No! Don't! Stay strapped in! (calls over his shoulder) Margaret! Margaret! Get strapped into the jump-seat. I need your help. Margaret, see that red lever on the floor next to my chair? The one that says, Manual Control? On the count of three you pull it up, turn it clockwise, then push it back down. OK? You ready? Here we go. One, two... ...three! Ok. OK. We got something. It's still stiff as hell. Evans, put in some power! I don't know. It feels like the son of a bitch wants to nose over. SHIT! POWER BACK! OH NO! SouthJet 227, Hartsfield-Jackson is eleven o'clock and niner miles. I see you below 10,000. How are you doing? (keys his mic) Not good. You got anything closer? We're in a rapid dive here... Roger, SouthJet 227. Uh...Clayton County is 2 miles at your 4 o'clock. Negative. We're too high...we can't pitch for glide. We have no stabilizer control. Copy, SouthJet 227. Oh Lord, we're descending at 4,700 feet per minute, out of 7,000. I OK! Here's what we're going to do! When I say, you retract the gear, retract the flaps and trim both ailerons. But every things gonna be opposite, so be sure to trim down. Margaret... Trim down?! What are you gonna do?! When I ask for power, push both of these forward. Got it? What's your son's name? Say "I love you Trevor." You mean trim up?! Right? You want me to trim up? The black box. What are we doing?! Why would I trim down?! We're gonna roll it. Ready? Here we go. I've got control. WHAT! WHAT DO YOU MEAN, ROLL IT?!! Just a little barrel roll. Don't panic. Relax. Let it roll. EVANS, FLAPS! FLAPS UP! RGARET FULL POWER! EVANS, TRIM I CAN'T REACH THE GEAR! Margaret! Can you reach it? WHAT'S OUR ALTITUDE? 3,000...I think. Let it roll. I got it! (at the sight of the jet) Jesus Christ! What the Fuck!? Oh Lord Jesus! We're inverted! We're level. We can maintain altitude like this. SouthJet 227, Atlanta Center. I see your position 4 and a half miles southeast of the airport. Descending out of 1,800. Are you Uh, Atlanta...we're inverted. Uh, SouthJet 227...say again sir. Did you say inverted? WE'RE LOSING OIL PRESSURE! PUMP We're flying! FIRE IN THE LEFT ENGINE! PUT IT OUT! (into his mic) 227, three miles, and one o'clock. (into his mic) We're not gonna make that! (into his mic) There's a field and a road ah...we're gonna put it down in that field. Roger, SouthJet 227. WE'RE LOSING THE LEFT ENGINE! WE'RE COMING BACK OVER! EVANS, WHEN FIRE IN THE RIGHT! (into his mic) Eight hundred, descending... WE LOST THE LEFT ENGINE! We have enough speed to fly! WE'RE LOSING POWER IN THE RIGHT! HERE WE GO! FLAPS FULL! GEAR DOWN! SouthJet 227, altitude 500 indicated, descending. Do you concur? RGARET, POWER!!!! WE LOST ALL POWER! (to himself, incredulous) Are we gliding? WE'RE IN A GLIDE! PITCH FOR GLIDE! TRIM IT! PITCH FOR GLIDE! BRACE! BRACE FOR IMPAC... Charlie Anderson. How you feelin' Whip? Initial reports look like you pulled some move up there, kid. You saved a lot of lives. How many? 102 souls on board including the flight crew, and 96 of them survived the crash. Six people died. 2 crew, 4 passengers. 4 passengers. Are the rest badly hurt? Who'd we lose on the crew? Listen, protocol is the NTSB has to make the first contact with you and the agent is here. Let me go get him. Captain William Whitaker? Nod if you can hear me and understand me. I'm Craig Matson from the NTSB and I'm required as the lead on the Go Team to make an initial contact with you after a major incident like the one you had today. I have a doctor here who can explain your medical situation. I'm Doctor Kenan and the good news is that you are in good condition. You did suffer a concussion which is the reason you have a bit of blurred vision and a headache. You have numerous lacerations around your left eye. We're going to leave the patch on for a few days as a precaution. But it seems your eye is OK. MRI's show strained tendons in your left knee and ankle but you didn't break any bones. I won't ask too much of you tonight, but as I said, the NTSB is required to make initial contact. How much do you remember about the flight? I remember everything until the crash. Okay Mr. Whitaker, that's fine. I am required to inform you that this incident did result in the loss of life. (checks an index card) The most current information states that of the 102 souls on board we lost 6. 2 crew members and 4 passengers. 59 people were treated and released. 37 people remain in the hospital and 3 of those cases are listed as critical. Who on the crew died? Two flight attendants; (checks a note card) Camelia Satou and Katerina Marquez I knew Trina Marquez. We spent some time together. Apparently she wasn't strapped in. A survivor reported that she was assisting a kid. How's Margaret Thomason? (checks his notes) Broken collar bone, cuts, banged up, but she's okay. She's here too. Ken Evans your copilot took a bad shot to the head. They're keepin' him in a coma to let the brain swelling go down. He's listed as critical, but we feel good about him. He's gonna be okay. Charlie, why are you here? I'm flying a desk now. I'm a regional rep for the IAP. You're the rep for the pilots' union? I'm one of a few union reps for the southeast. When your plane went down all the reps got a page and since I know you I shot my hand up and said I wanted to come and be the first face you'd see. I'm glad it's you. It's good to see you too, Cowboy. You're gonna be okay. We're gonna take care of you. That's my job. The union will put out a statement on your behalf. Condolences to the families who lost loved ones and gratitude to the brave men and women on the flight crew. And I know you and Deana have been divorced for a while but maybe she and your son...? Yeah, Knuckles. Yeah, how old's he now? 15. Wow, you weren't even married when we flew for Delta. We're dinosaurs, Whip. Do you want me to reach out to Deana and see if she and Will want to come? Any family you want here, we'll get them here, stat. No, I'll call her. Speaking of which, I have your phone and some of your personal effects from the plane. Your clothes are toast. Do you need me to get you some stuff? No, I'm okay. I'll take care of it. I'm gonna head out, let you get some rest. I'm coming back. You'll see plenty of me. Thanks Charlie, I really... (Whip begins to crack) It means a lot to me that you came. Okay. Get some rest now. Charlie, that plane was fucked. I know. The way you landed that plane was nothing short of a miracle. Harling...Harling...yeah, it's Whip. I'm in a hospital in South Atlanta...what? You know where I am? Okay well fuck...yeah, I'm okay. What? Well, I'm looking to get outta here...hopefully tomorrow. Yeah. But, listen, I need you to bring me something to wear. Goddamn it... I'm on the list baby girl. Check the list for Mr. Mays. Harling. It's okay, Harling. That's right honey, I'm on the list. Harling Mays. Some say they Harling knew me. Classic hero worship, you're a rock star man. You gotta see the video I've got -- I'm making a doc about you, well us, y'know? The meds they're giving me are fucking me up -- I'm all shaky and dried out. I can't sleep good. Aprazolam? That's generic Xanax and this Hydrocodone is generic Vicodin. It's shit, prolly Canadian. Listen Harling, leave it alone. So you got my message and decided not to call me back? Did you bring me smokes? I decided to come by instead. And yes I got your fucking message and yes I brought you smokes. Harling... Sorry Whip. It's just...this is big time, man. You're a hero in a time when we really need heroes. Shut the fuck up, Harling...Six people died. 96 people lived! When are you gonna take yes for an answer? Pick up the phone, man. Fuck. Harling, take the vodka with you. What?! Take the vodka? Dude, are you insane? I'm gonna just tuck it in the bottom of your- Take the fucking vodka! Okay man. Check it out. Look, I'm tired man. I'm out. You rest up. You gotta come and get me, tomorrow. Here are my keys. Go to the condo and bring me some nice clothes I can wear, my phone charger and grab the veal outta my fridge. It's marked. The veal? Yeah, the veal that's in my freezer. Done and done. What time you need me here? Tomorrow. I'll call you. Send the mayday and you're outta here in 7 minutes. I got you a few stroke mags too. I've been in hospitals. I know what you need. JUGS, HOT MILFS in heat. ASSMASTERS. You should just stroke it all day. You're a hero -- know what I'm saying? If I was in here I'd be jerkin' it all day long. See, there's a smile. Thank you. I didn't think anyone would have the same devious thought about using the fire stairs to have a smoke... Don't go. I'll be quiet. We don't have to talk. Be nice to just smoke with someone. Yeah, I was. Were you? Up near the front. Don't flee dear comrades! Really, wait for me, please. Joke. You guys in the plane crash? Yeah, I'm lucky. Goin' home tomorrow. You're living here? What kind of cancer? God chose you? You believe in God? I don't know her. Here's a pack. Yeah? Your mom had cancer. But why'd that guy ask you if you were gonna die? Is that right? Well, where should we live? If we're gonna save the world, where should we do that? What? You don't want me either. Where do you live? The luxurious bus station? I'll come visit you. I will. What's your address? Georgian Gardens? How long are you staying here? Oh. Okay. And you're a masseuse? What kind of masseuse? Good luck Nicole. Thanks Mike. Yeah, thanks Mike. (Harling tips him) Here's 20 American. Thanks. Good luck, sir. This is how they get the Stones out of Madison Square Garden, man. 4 smoked black limos fly outta the VIP driveway and the fans jump on the limos...mayhem. Those limos? Empty. Meanwhile, Mick and the boys go out the service exit into delivery vans -- casual, rock star type shit. HARLING helps him into the front seat and they pull away. The Stones, "Gimme Shelter" starts to play... the hospital. Trucks with towers, cameramen, stringers and newscasters add to catering trucks and coffee stands as the vultures wait for the carrion of sound bytes and footage of survivors. I couldn't find any suitcases so I just put your shit in grocery bags. HARLING pulls a cold Becks from a cooler on the floor of the back seat and uses a bottle opener that's been screwed to the dash of his car next to the radio to open the beer. He offers the beer to WHIP who waves it off. HARLING gladly keeps it for himself... "Gimme Shelter" continues to play... No. I'm gonna go to the farm. The fucking farm? My dad's place. I can't stay at my condo. I thought you sold that fucking place. Not yet. I'm not sure I wanna stay at the farm. You're not. Just take me to the airport to get my car. Whip finishes opening the freezer bag -- it's full of cash. HARLING starts to laugh... first place every two-bit thief looks is in the freezer? You have 127 messages. Message one..."Captain Whitaker, this is Jim Court I'm with CNN. We'd like to schedule an interview..." (he deletes that message) Message two..."This is NBC affiliate KGAT in Athens we're looking to contact William J. Whitaker for..." (he deletes and moves on) Message three..."Captain Whitaker, this is Karen James, media relations with the pilots' union..." ...I think that was the beep. Hey Cowboy, it's Charlie again. (speaking to voicemail) I'm back in town and I stopped by the hospital tonight but they said you went home...so I guess you're feelin' pretty good, but um we went out to your condo and the manager said you had not returned. So...you may be with relatives, which I understand. I was really hoping to see you for breakfast. I'm at the St. Regis downtown. Whip, hey buddy. Glad you got my message. Grab a seat. Whip this is Hugh Lang; he's an attorney from Chicago. Nice to meet you Captain Whitaker. Siddown. Coffee? (Whip nods, sits) Miss, can we get some fresh coffee? We were just talking about your copilot's wife. She told a newspaper that "God landed that plane." God landed the plane? I too believe that God landed that plane. The same way I believe that God should hit the buffet, the turkey sausage is excellent. I'm good with coffee. Len Caldwell was really trying to get here this morning. (Whip seems lost) Len is the president of the pilots' union and he wanted to be here with us and meet with you but they wanted him at the crash site. So.. Whip, as you know, when a plane crashes, the NTSB sends a "go team" to the crash site immediately. They find the flight data recorders? Yes they found them, perfectly intact. Great. That solves everything. The recorders will tell the story. Why do we need a lawyer from Chicago? Hugh's an attorney who specializes in criminal negligence- Criminal negligence? Charlie, what do I need to know? I'm already tired of this guy. The NTSB `go team' collects blood, skin and hair from the flight crew for a toxicology report. When did they do that? In the hospital. It's the first thing they do. Do you remember having your blood drawn on the night of the crash? Do they have the results of these blood tests? Yeah, they do. Did I just see warm cinnamon rolls come out? Bring me one wouldya? Actually bring me two, okay sweetie? An initial report shows alcohol in your bloodstream at a level of .24. In the U.S. What does that mean? I had a beer the night before I flew. And what...That made the tail of the plane explode? Separate issues Whip- I need a lawyer. Hugh is your lawyer. I need a bigger lawyer. A lawyer who understands that I flew a broken plane and without me at that stick there'd be 102 funerals, not We're talking about prison not funerals. Somebody has- To write checks, well it's not me I promise you that. And as long as they're writing checks, write me one because someone put me in a broken plane. I'd love a check. This tox report states that you were drunk and high on cocaine, felonies punishable by 24 years in jail. And if your intoxication is proven to have caused the death of the 4 passengers you'll get 4 counts of manslaughter. That could be life in prison. He'll get it done, Whip. It's what his entire life is about. Trust me, trust him. (Whip stares at Hugh) Don't worry Whip, you're gonna walk away the hero you deserve to be. I'm not worried, Charlie. I promise you that. No one could have landed that plane like I did, no one. Captain Tilmon, we wanna play a portion of the black box that all of the news outlets have grabbed hold of... When I ask for power, push both of these forward. Got it? What's your son's name? What'll you have? Can I get an orange juice? The BARTENDER leaves to grab the orange juice. That's it? And a double shot of Stoli. Wow. That audio paints a strong picture. Captain Whitaker is surely a hero in my opinion. Absolutely. However, every incident is different. The actions of the pilots on SouthJet 227 will be heavily scrutinized. It's protocol for any investigation. We were in a nose dive and people were screaming and yelling and then the plane turned upside down and we had to hold on to our seat belts to keep from falling out of our chairs -- I saw one kid fall to the floor and this flight attendant picked him up and handed him to his dad...I didn't see her again. We turned like a corkscrew and all I could think was, "this is really happening, I'm going to die" and then all of a sudden the plane was upside down but steady and the pilot must have known how to fly it that way. He flipped it back over and landed it hard. I thought it was thunder at first. But it shook the ground hard. Thunder don't do like that. I ran outside and I could hear people yelling and I could see a small fire at first. I just took the dogs and headed down there. Then I saw the plane crumpled on the ground. I never seen nothing like that in my life. Taylor street, Taylor st...ah, here we are. Whip rolls the Buick to a stop and scans the street. The fuck are you doin'!? (gives Whip a puzzled Keep your fucking hands off her! You okay? Is this all the stuff you want from here? Okay, start taking that stuff down. She owes me 1100 bucks! Plus damages! You wanna spend a thousand bucks suing her and get jack shit? Or do you want to make a cash deal with me? Give me 700 in cash. You're a creep...with your baseball bat bullshit... (sorts through his cash) I'll give you 400 in cash. Good boy. Now help her get that box in her car. Your car doesn't run? What were you gonna do? (with deliberate malice) Then put the fucking box in my car. Whip. You okay? Okay. WHIP takes another sip before returning to massaging his leg. Yea. I want you to stay. NICOLE walks over to WHIP and kneels down and gently takes over massaging his leg. WHIP exhales. That feels better. Do you wanna shoot me or can I come inside? C'mon in. I'll shoot you inside. HUGH walks closer to the porch. WHIP questions him. You just decided to drop by? Your voice mail is full and you never answer your cell phone. I called your cell 10 times. I turned it off. HUGH nods as the explanation lands. I thought we'd take a ride. WHIP measures HUGH's intention... Okay, gimme a minute. Wait here. dressed. You can see the initial impact sheared the right wing clean off. If only the left wing had come off at impact, I think everyone would have walked off that plane. The left wing partially pulled away- It snapped but stayed connected to the airframe. So it whipped back towards the plane, hit the fuselage in front of the tail. If you were sitting in the last 6 or 7 rows on the left side, it was like being hit by a train. I drank a lot the night before that flight. I drank that morning too and I used coke to straighten up. I know, it's in the toxicology report. But that's not the reason this happened. I know. The John the Baptist Pentecostal Mission. "He will wipe away every tear from their eyes, and death shall be no more, neither shall there be mourning, nor crying, nor pain anymore, for the former things have passed away." -- Revelation 21:4 They helped pull survivors out of the wreckage. Now they come out here every day and have a mass 30 minutes prior to the crash. And then they sit in silent prayer for 10 minutes at 9:42...which is when you went down. Ellen Block, she's the head of the investigation for the NTSB. She's the one that's gonna ask the tough questions. Why'd you bring me here? I needed you to see this. You trying to scare me? I need to know that you can handle all this. Listen clearly. There was a mechanical issue with the plane, but what you and I know? Is that this was an act of God. I'm gonna fight to get the NTSB to place "act of God" on the probable causes list. Who's God would do this? So here's the deal. Avington Carr, the owner of the airline, is on our side...and he's got big friends in Washington. He wants to sit down with us. 10 O'clock tomorrow morning. You can't drink. You're under the microscope. You can't be out buying liquor. No bars, no drugs. I'll stop. I can stop. (Hugh stays quiet) I told you I can stop. I won't drink. 10 O'clock tomorrow morning with Mr. Carr, the owner of the airline. I like baseball. Everyone in Georgia likes baseball. There were 6 fatalities on the The 2 crew members don't get settlements like the passengers. That's a workman's comp claim, part of the union contract -- they do a dangerous job and they know it. No, this is Hugh Lang, the attorney we brought in to handle the criminal side of Captain Whitaker's situation. I flew with him. He's a great pilot. He's a heavy drinker. Should I bring him in? I'm gonna kill the toxicology report. (feels eyes of disbelief) It was done incompetently. The last time the toxicology equipment they used was calibrated was in June of 2009, which is 18 months past code. Their log that should clearly state who labeled the blood vials and when, is very incomplete. And they aren't sure who stored them. They used a preservative in the vials that has in some cases caused blood to ferment and register higher in an alcohol test. That's what I've done so far. I can handle this. Mr. Carr, we're gonna fight to push all the fault on Jackson Ridgefield, the manufacturer. Speaking for the pilots' union? We don't want your airline to go away. We enjoy your contract with us and we will protect Captain Whitaker and in turn protect your airline. So far we've been lucky. Trust me, I'm gonna kill the toxicology report. That's my job. I wish you luck, but we're still sorting out the best way to go forward legally. We might split from you and go it alone. To go it alone? Without us? That would be what the French call "a big fucking mistake." I haven't had a client go to jail yet. You're wrong, Mr. Carr. Last time I checked, 6 counts of manslaughter is life in prison. Get up! What? You can't get up?! (Whip is laughing...) C'mon, Knuckles Whitaker drags himself up and goes long...go. We watch an 8 year-old WILL WHITAKER run long as the ball flies to him. He catches it and on-screen WHIP hollers. Don't, don't, don't! I'll get him. Knuckles, junior. See him. Yeah. I'm not calling again. Fuck him. He didn't call. Not back. Not calling back. NICOLE backs away as she watches the blacked-out ballet play itself out in slow, tragic fashion. WHIP motions to his lips as if he is smoking. He freezes and then steps forward and trips in to the coffee table. Whip falls to the ground. NICOLE checks WHIP's face to see his eyes partially opened but passed out. NICOLE goes to the bedroom and returns with a blanket that she covers WHIP with. She also places a pillow under his head making sure that his head is titled to the side so he doesn't choke. NICOLE looks around the room. She begins to collect the bottles and straighten up. Morning. Tired. Guess I drank a bit. You wanna count the fuckin' beers? They're still in the garbage. Vodka too, is that okay with you? Good. Lemme see that camera. It was my grandfather's farm, my dad grew up here. He was a pilot in World War II, flew with the 332nd. See the landing strip out there? He built that. He ran a crop duster outta here until the EPA put an end to that. (she nods, listening) He traded the crop duster for a used Cessna. He flew that damn thing all over. It's still in the barn. I was gonna sell this place after my dad died. Then I got divorced... Dead...she's dead. Your dad still alive? You got no relationship with him. I'm Trevor. You saved my mom. WHIP looks up to see MARGARET THOMASON walking towards him. She has her left arm in a sling underneath her jacket. We can see a bandage along her hairline. WHIP smiles, obviously uncomfortable. MARGARET hugs him. You too Margaret. Broken collar bone? I didn't go in. I couldn't. No. I can't, really. I will, but just not now. Yeah...y'know...I'm in the middle of this investigation. The NTSB is investigating the crash- I'm nervous because I was out the night before the crash at dinner- Yeah and I had two glasses of wine. And they might ask you about my condition that morning and if you thought I had anything to drink. What? You have to tell them it was an ordinary day. I mean it was an ordinary day. You know I was in shape to fly. You have a problem with saying that? My lack of sleep made the plane fall apart, huh Margaret? I'm just trying to get it straight. You think that another pilot would have been able to land that plane and save more lives? Well can you imagine Trevor at this same church looking at you in that box in there? Or my son having to come and see me in prison? It was an ordinary day. The storm right after we took off was very severe, but as far as the flight crew was concerned it was a perfectly ordinary day. It was okay, okay. How're you doin'? That's good. Cause for a celebration. (stares at the lighter) He did. So should we get some dinner? No, it's okay. You should go. Open meeting? Even me? Hi Barry. I gotta go. Okay? Can uh... (points to Sheila) And in truth, I don't have much to say about him. (on a split screen) So, safe to say that he remains a mystery. Sir, those are your words not mine. I've been speaking to some people who are very close to the NTSB investigation and they are very confident that they will be able to determine exactly what brought this plane down. I'm sure they will sir. Thank you, Ken and Vicki Evans. Thank you, and God bless. How're you feeling, Ken? Happy to be alive. I'm Captain Whitaker, I was flying- Ma'am can you give us some privacy? Thank you. Come on in sir. Shut the door. Listen, how long have you been... Outta the coma? Two days. I didn't mean to disrupt your whole day. I know they been swamping you with interviews. You were great on Both my legs were crushed and my pelvis snapped. I'll probably never walk again, least not without a walker or braces. I'll certainly never fly again. I'm sorry Ken. That plane was doomed the second you sat in the chair. You reeked like gin or somethin'. I called Vicki from the plane before we took off. That's when the rain kicked up. I don't know how much you remember, but the plane started to fall apart. I remember everything until we crashed. I know what went on. What are we talking about? I don't know Captain Whitaker, what are we talking about? I just wanted to get a sense from you what you thought caused the crash. Was it the fact that you got on the plane drunk from the night before? The NTSB is coming back tomorrow to finish taking a deposition from me about the events on the flight. You think you'd be alive without me on that plane? No, we'd all be dead. But are you gonna argue that your physical state was tip top? I'm not gonna argue anything with you. Sit, please sit. I never shared my opinion about your physical state the morning of the flight. I've never said word. The flight was pre-ordained. I've prayed on it Captain. Vicki and I have prayed on it. There's only one judge -- And he has a higher plan for you sir. This event although tragic in its loss of life is also a celebration of life. Nothing happens in the Kingdom of the Lord by mistake. Captain, will you pray with me? Jesus our Lord and savior we thank you for blessing Captain Whitaker with courage and wisdom. For guiding his hand on that fateful morning. In his divine light we were saved. Praise Jesus. Praise Jesus. reverence. Looks great right? It's a Cessna 172, it was my dad's. He kept it perfect. Yeah, he flew this plane a few months before he died. I learned to fly in this plane. You can land it anywhere. My friend Harling and I flew it to Jamaica. We set off for an overnight fishing trip two hours south of here. We ended up in Bethel, Jamaica. It was like a picture on a post card. The white sand and sky blue water. Most beautiful place I've ever been. Yeah, really warm. Let's go. Let's go tomorrow. We'll leave in the morning...we'll just go. Start over. It's a beautiful beach, it's paradise. (laughs a bit lit) I'm fine thanks. You go to a couple of AA meetings and all of a sudden you think you're Jesus Christ? Worry about yourself. 108. I didn't suck dick to get high. And don't give me a whole... Your mom died and dad drank and bullshit, bullshit, bullshit -- Is that why you shot dope? Well there's a lot of people out there who lost their mom who've never had a drink in their life. I choose to drink. I choose to drink! And I blame it on me. I'm happy to. I've got an ex-wife and a son I don't see. Why? Because I choose to drink! Alright look, I was loaded when I crashed that plane. With this investigation going on, I don't know what's gonna happen. Come to Jamaica with me. Come with me. I need help, I do. When we get to Jamaica we can go to the local hospital. I'll do it for you. Anything you want. I'll be sober. I won't force you to stay. I promise if you don't like it or if I don't clean up? You can leave. It's so beautiful there. We'll leave before noon. I'm a great pilot. You'll get to see so much. (speaking to voice mail) Hey Whip, if you're there pickup...I got some good news... Yeah, I'm here. What's goin' on? Here's our guy. C'mon. WHIP walks towards a ramp that leads up to the hole in the plane where the door used to be. CHARLIE stands at the top of the ramp. Suddenly HUGH steps out of the plane... Captain Whitaker, we've won. WHIP doesn't move as HUGH starts down the ramp. This is what we call in my profession a "walk over." They've scheduled the hearing. It's in 10 days. CHARLIE and HUGH reach the bottom of the ramp. But these hearings can be tough. You just need to stay sharp and on course and answer the questions correctly. It's no longer a question of your condition but the condition of the plane. I've had an "Act of God" successfully added to the list of probable causes. Look, it's simple. I flew a broken plane. You got it. That's right. And what about my toxicology report? (trying to stay calm) I killed it. They have no physical proof that you were intoxicated on that plane. And no eye witness claims. But there's a problem. Because of the turbulence at the beginning of the flight and then the crash, there was never any drink service on the flight. But, they found two little vodka bottles in the galley trash bin. There was no physical evidence found on the bottles, no DNA, no finger prints. But both the bottles were uncapped and empty. The only people who had access to those bottles and could have drank them were the flight crew. Margaret, Evans and Camelia Satou all had clean tox reports. That leaves you and Trina Marquez. Okay. I see...where this is going. That's funny that they found two bottles. Why? Because I drank three. One's missing. When I met you I couldn't believe what a flip, drunk, arrogant scumbag you were. Fuck you too, Hugh. But I did the research and heard the analysis from the experts. I'm in awe of what you did. Can I go now? THE NTSB AND THE FAA TOOK 10 Yeah. So? You have no capacity to accept the responsibility for the miracle you performed and the lives you saved. Great. I'm going home. Do you want to go to prison? I'm trying to save your life! What fucking life?! Don't kill yourself on my account, Hugh. Okay, I'm done here. I'm running out a faith that this guy's gonna make it, Charlie. (turns on Hugh) You wanna talk about me like I'm not here? Like I'm fucking dead? (to Whip now) This NTSB hearing is a Federal Agency Hearing. Do you understand that? It's in 10 days and if I show up with you like this?! Everything we've done? Everything I've done? Goes out the window. That's not on me. I did my job. It's your job, Charlie, to get him straight and get him to the church on time. Yeah Charlie just get him home. Sober him up long enough to save the union's contract and that fat fuck's airline. Fuck you. I shoulda died on that plane. shiny floor of the hangar and into the growing rain storm. It's lovely to see you too Deana. May I come in? Thought I`d come see you and Will. (calls out, loudly) Call you? Like anyone in this house has called me in the last three years to say anything other than "Where's the money?" Well that took...what? 17 seconds? (fake checks his watch) It took 17 seconds for you- (has continued to rant) LADIES and GENTLEMEN it took You're asking me to leave the house I bought for you?! Very good. William Whitaker, junior. The man of the house. Nice of you to call me back. I'm telling you to leave. You are? Are you the man of the house? You upset my mother. You gotta go. I'm your father, tough guy. You're a drunk. Now get the fuck out! You don't know who the fuck I am! (pulling open the door) I sure don't. What did you say? I said, "I sure don't." Why don't you tell me? Who the fuck are you?! Who are you? Huh? WHO ARE I'm outta here. I'm outta here. I know where I'm not wanted. Folks, please give us some room. (gets down the stairs) At the appropriate time I will tell my story. Now is a time for grieving and taking care of those injured. Thank you. I appreciate your interest in me but I ask that you leave my family in peace. I'm Captain Whitaker, I was- Yes sir, I know who you are. Can you get me to my car? Anything you need, sir. WHIP walks with the YOUNG COP who shields him from the fray. Now is a time for grieving and taking care of those injured. Thank you. I appreciate your interest in me but I ask that you leave my family in peace. A REPORTER now wraps up the piece... A reasonable request from a quiet, heroic man who's been through so much. This is Tilda Banden reporting from Devonwood. Now a DESK ANCHOR changes stories... In a related story, tonight at 10 Cale Rawson talks with aviation experts to see if the tragedy of flight 227 could have been avoided. Hey, Charlie. Thank you. Amanda was so nice to let me in. It's just...I couldn't find a safe place. What the hell is wrong with you? I spoke to Hugh, he told me that you went to your ex-wife's house? Drunk as a skunk and the news crews showed up? (Whip just stares) And the police escorted you out? I think it's okay. I've been watching and I think it's okay. Hugh checked every media outlet that covered it and it looks like we're good. You come off fine. Okay. Good then. Listen Charlie, here's the deal- No Whip. No deals. Look at you. I have no idea what you're gonna do or say, ever. You're all over the place. I was the one guy in your court. I was your apologist, your defender. But not anymore. No. I can do this. You're about to be questioned by a Federal Agency about piloting an airliner drunk...an airliner that crashed. And you continue to drink and stumble around. What kind of crazy do you have to be to do that? I'm scared of you. Let's just stick to the plan. You can't stick to anything. This whole thing has just been so heavy, it's killing me. Tell Hugh, I can do it. Look, I really wanna fly again, get back to my life and be done with all this shit. This hearing is 10 days away. Hugh busted his ass to try to get you excused, but there's no way. You have to appear. Let me stay here. They have my houses all staked out now. Let me stay here until the hearing, Charlie. I won't leave the house. CHARLIE takes a long look at his old, troubled friend. You can't drink here, Whip. You can't drink in my house. Can you do that? I won't drink. You look great, Whip. I mean that. Thank you. I feel really good. I heard you haven't had a drink in 8 days. 9 days... (checks his watch) Two hours and 26 minutes...but who's counting? Officer Edmonds? Yes sir. Whip, Officer Edmonds will be staying here tonight. Any problems he'll handle it. Well, Whip we just wanted to make this as easy for you as possible. Just get a good night's rest. Relax, order up a steak, get a movie. Okay, cowboy, I'm out. The hearing starts at 10, so we should plan on 9 for breakfast here in the room. Wait, Charlie, thanks for letting me stay with you. I needed it. You did great cowboy. You've got a beautiful family. I'm very blessed. I made you a copy of my entire file on you and the investigation. I also tried to anticipate what you might be asked under oath and I wrote out some non-damaging responses. It's all in there; photos, testimony, interviews...I called Ellen Block let her know that you're here and all tucked in. So does she have the knife out for me? Remember she's limited in what she can ask you. You're not on trial but you are under oath. She's probably not happy that I killed the tox report, but you'll be fine. Hello? Anyone? Good morning, how's our man? Not a peep. I think your pilot overslept. You didn't let any girls in there last night did you? No sir, not a soul. No one came in or out. Did he disappear? Whip? Hello? Where is he? Whip? WHIP! WHIP?!!! WHIP!!! Is he dead? I DON'T KNOW!!! IS HE DEAD?! Yes!!! I'm dead!!! Should I get an ambulance? Yes! Wait!...just wait, Charlie...let's think about this. Get him to the bed... (to the Officer) Son of a bitch! You worthless motherfucker, what a waste! I cleared the decks for you...you piece of shit. You just fucked it all up like the piss drunk you are! WOAH!!! WOAH!!! WOAH!!! Enough! What time is it? 9:14, the hearing is in 46 minutes. How much grace do you think we got? Amazing grace...how sweet the sound...that saved a wretch like me- Shut the fuck up you drunk... I once was lost and now I'm found was blind but...now...well I'm still kinda blind. We probably have an hour before we really need to get him to the hearing and it's just downstairs. We need a wheel chair. Call Harling Mays. Harling's got a wheel chair? Harling's got cocaine. Cocaine? Cocaine?! HUGH and CHARLIE exchange a desperate look... WHAT'S HIS NUMBER!? This is fucking insane. And criminal. 609-237-1184. We're in 609 so just... 237...1184... Harling? Harling this is Charlie. I'm a friend of Whip's...yeah. We need you to do a very early, very discreet...uhm...Whip needs bananas and you need to bring them to The St. Jerome Hotel downtown...how many bunches of bananas? (Whip holds up 3 fingers) 3 is the answer I'm getting -- you will be well compensated...the The St. Jerome Hotel room 1027... CHARLIE hangs up and looks at WHIP who is mostly passed out again. CHARLIE looks to HUGH. Come mista tally man tally me banana...Whip, what's the deal man you look like you're hurtin' for certain...shut the door, interior lock! All I have is a twenty. (takes the card and bill) That'll do. And I need to make a coco puff. A what? Millions of dollars hang in the balance. They hang on the consumption of a 300 dollar bag of cocaine. Okay Whip, just two small whiffs first...one on each side...just a primer. The banana boat is here. Nothing can keep you down dog. Nothing keeps the big dog down. Okay, we gotta go. You guys are up. No, I'm good. Charlie? Are you fucking crazy? Thanks brother, I'm back. I love you man. I love you too. HUGH and CHARLIE are quiet as they watch the strange but sincere drug-fueled emotion pass between two old friends. HARLING eyes CHARLIE before handing him a baggie. There's a gram in here, you paid for it and he might need it. My work here is done. See you all on the dark side of the moon. HARLING leaves and our TRIO exchange looks, "Did that just happen?" Morning. We watch as a small trickle of blood escapes from WHIP's left nostril. HUGH pulls a handkerchief from his pocket, hands it to WHIP. Your nose... WHIP accepts the handkerchief and wipes his nose. WHIP sees blood on the cloth and tilts his head back. I'm gonna head in and tell Ellen Block that we're here. You're gonna make it. Remember, if they ask about your drinking, it's totally acceptable to say, "I don't recall." Do not tell me how to lie about my drinking. I've been lying about my drinking my whole life. Morning. I'm not sure it was conscious. It was more of an instinct. I don't recall. I heard a metallic bang. We pitched nose down. No control. There was a lot of things wrong with that aircraft. Yes. There was some convective activity in the area. However, my first officer and I discussed the conditions on the field and determined that we were safely within our visibility and crosswind minimums. I appreciate that. Yes, I understand. No. I did not. No. I did not. No. Yes. I suspended the drink service. Yes. I am now. Outside of work? Not really. No. I did not. No. I did not. No. I did not. Can you repeat the question? I'm sorry. My what... I SAID...God help me... IT'S MY OPINION... (softly, to himself) She saved that boy's life... I KNOW FOR A FACT THAT SHE DID NOT ...because I did. I drank the vodka. OBJECTION!!! Please be seated sir. This is not a court room. I drank the vodka bottles on the plane. You don't have to readdress anything. I DRANK THE VODKA! On October 11th, 12th and 13th and 14th I was intoxicated. I drank alcohol on all of those days. I drank to excess. I was drunk. I'm drunk right now, Miss Block...I'm drunk right... (Whip finally breaks down) I'm drunk now, because... Because I'm an alcoholic. I could not tell one more lie. And maybe I'm a sucker. Because if I had just told one more lie? I could have walked away from that whole mess and kept my wings and my false sense of pride and most importantly I would have avoided being locked up here with all of you nice folks for the last 13 months. It looks like I will serve every day of the remaining 4 plus years of my sentence. And that's fair. I betrayed the public trust. I did. That's what the judge explained to me. I had betrayed the public trust. The FAA took my license. And that's fair. The chances of me flying again are slim to none. And I accept that. I've had time to think about all of it. Doing a lot of writing. I've written letters to each of the families that lost loved ones on my flight. Some were able to hear my apology, some never will. I've also apologized to all the people who tried to help me along the way, but I couldn't or wouldn't listen, like my wife, I mean my ex wife... (he gets emotional) ...and my son. Again, some were able to forgive me...some never will. But at least I'm sober, and I'm grateful for that. And this is gonna sound really stupid coming from a man who's in prison...but for the first time in my life...I'm free. Whitaker, you got a visitor. You have 40 minutes. Knuckles, you're looking good. I sent you something for your birthday. Yeah. I got it. This is a real surprise; a great surprise. I haven't seen you- College counselor thought I should come and interview you. Great. An interview. Okay. I'm writing essays for college applications. Listen Will, it means everything to me that you came here. You are an amazing kid and you deserve great things... So can you help me with this essay? Yeah. Of course. This essay. I have to do an essay called, "the most fascinating person I've never met." And that's me? Can we pick up where we left off? Okay. Who are you? Good question. 