You can't leave us, Henry. She needs both of us Can you stop being a momma's boy for one second? ALFRED HITCHCOCK Good evening. Mere Technicolor baubles. LEW WASSERMAN This thing is going to be gigantic. I wish I had twenty percent of the take. Does tonight's incredible reaction surprise you, Mr. Hitchcock? No, when I was planning North by Northwest I could already hear the screams and laughter. (then, to a BEAUTIFUL Talking of arrows, did you read Mr. Weiler's review in the New York Times? Apparently, he found "the climax" to be -- and I quote -- "overdrawn." And how about this little grenade? North by Northwest reminds us of Hitchcock's earlier, more youthfully inventive spy thrillers." And just to drive the nail into the coffin, there's a handy accompanying guide to the new masters of suspense. You always know precisely where to plunge the dagger, don't you? Where are you off to? We've just established that I'm too corpulent to be seen in broad daylight. Sleeping pills with dust jackets. Very presentable. ALMA Hurry up, darling. You're pruning. Mr. Hitchcock. Mrs. Hitchcock. The audience would spend the entire picture waiting for Miss Frank to discover the corpse I'd hidden in the attic. Wouldn't you agree, Silvio? Si. (again, turning to Silvio) Doesn't she know I just made that movie? It's called North by Northwest. And "style" is merely self-plagiarism. PEGGY I'll see what I can find. ... Thank God I had a pocketful of pretzels. I was hiding in that props cupboard all night. That'll teach me to use a bedroom set instead of the real thing. I can't believe he let me have you all to myself for a whole afternoon. Especially looking this beautiful. Elizabeth? (his eyes return to Alma) Over the moon since I promised her the dedication in my new novel. So what are you working on these days? Almost as unbearable as when he does. I meant you. What are you working on? That is one lucky garden. Anything. Anything at all? Gin. Mother's ruin. PEGGY It sounds ghastly. Everyone in town's already passed. And who is everyone? Is this the one based on Ed Gein, the serial killer? Peggy. This is the boy who dug up his own mother. Famished. ALMA Whit gave me the galleys of his new book yesterday at lunch. I've already got some ideas on how you could adapt it. The book or Mr. Whitfield Cook? Leave it on the night stand. Aren't you cold, ma? ALMA Oh God. Read the bit in the motel bathroom. But what if someone really good made a horror movie? ALFRED HITCHCOCK Just think of the shock value. Killing off your leading lady halfway through. Peggy, I want you to summon your minions... Get them started buying copies of "Psycho." All of them. I want every copy, nationwide. That's exactly the point, my dear. HITCHCOCK That is my intention, madam. Yes. I only wish he looked more like William Holden and less like Elmer Fudd. I was hoping everyone would. I mean life is deeply offensive and disgusting, isn't it? PEGGY ... How she deals with a demanding boss when she's trying to relax on her weekends off? (re: the faces of the Now, if this were a Hitchcock picture what would two characters like us, married to other people, be saying? I'm a big boy. I can take it. Certainly more fun than reading those reviews. Do you think he really will read it? I wonder how that could have happened. I've seen happier faces on a school bus going over a cliff. But they can't stop looking, can they? Audiences want to be shocked, Barney. They want something different. And this is it. The truth is, Hitch, every time you want to do something "different" like The Wrong Man or Vertigo, someone loses money. So we should stop trying to give them something new? You owe Paramount one last picture, Hitch. Can't you do something like North by Northwest but for us this time instead of for MGM? "Psycho." No one respects the name Hitchcock more than Paramount. But even a talented man sometimes backs the wrong horse. ALFRED HITCHCOCK Are you telling me "no?" I think you know me better than that, Hitch. I would never say "no" to you. What a putz. You know what his family did before they built those movie palaces? Ran a grocery store. My father ran a grocery store. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. He should show some respect. They think I've lost my touch, Lew. My association with television has cheapened me. Are you referring to that deal I got you where Bristol-Meyers pays you twenty-nine grand an episode and you own the negative? That's my kind of cheap. They just want the same thing over and over. They've put me in a coffin and now they're nailing down the lid. Hitch, I will never let that happen. ALFRED HITCHCOCK Eight hundred thousand... Give or take. I have whisky in the car. What about him? Enjoy the pool now. We might not have it for that much longer. We're going to have to go it alone, old girl. We'll finance the movie ourselves. Remember the fun we had when we started out and there was so little money and time? We took risks, we experimented. We invented new ways of making pictures because we had to. LEW WASSERMAN We finance it. Independently. Paramount only distributes it...in exchange for 40 percent of the profits. Interesting. But tell us, what exactly is Paramount distributing? Is this still a picture about a queer killing people in his mother's dress? What this picture is about is the reputation of Alfred Hitchcock. No-one's arguing that. Barney, it's very simple. This is Mr. Hitchcock's next film. Are you in or are you out? Well, obviously you have a lot of passion for this project. Let me talk it over with a few people internally and I'll get back to you. LEW WASSERMAN No. Now. Fine. We'll take that deal. If you can get the money... We've already got it, Barney. If this picture fails, Alma, we'll be in for a long, humiliating bout of crow- eating. Are you sure? Joe Stefano. Good to meet you. PEGGY I thought only director's assistants needed psychiatrists, not writers. Do you see a shrink, Mr. Hitchcock? No. The usual: sex. Rage. My mother. There's still the federal income tax payments... the property taxes... Not to mention the absence of any salary while he's actually making the film... Anywhere you can. I got Joe Stefano to write out the first few scenes. Why don't you take a look? Well? The Code will absolutely not permit you to show a knife penetrating a woman's flesh. I assure you, Geoffrey, my murders, are always models of taste and discretion. Is there any improper suggestion of nudity in this murder scene in the shower? She won't be nude. She'll be wearing a shower cap. GEOFFREY SHURLOCK We might accept a shot from outside the bathroom window with Marion in silhouette above the shoulders -- provided the glass is frosted. It's completely necessary. Marion flushes evidence later found by her sister. It's a clue to the girl's disappearance. No American movie has ever found it "necessary" to show a toilet, let alone to flush it. Perhaps we ought to shoot the film in France and use a bidet instead? Mr. Hitchcock, if this office denies you a seal, and we're certainly heading in that direction, your movie will not be released in a single theater in this country. Will you be making jokes then? ALFRED HITCHCOCK Everyone in Hollywood resents me. I make them millions... and yet every year I sit at those dreadful award show dinners, waiting for them to say, just once, "You're good." That must hurt. Deeply. Take your time. It's just that, more and more lately, I've been having these... impulses. What kind of impulses? Strong ones. ALFRED HITCHCOCK Send them all back to Glendale. I can't count how many times I've seen Strangers On a Train and Rope. Well, Norman is the logical extension of the boys in those movies. Appealing, sensitive, suffering the terrible burden of being forced to pretend to be something he is not. My only worry is that playing Norman might cut too close to home. How so? ANTHONY PERKINS I was incredibly close to my mother. So close I remember wishing my father would drop dead. And then when I was five, he did just that...He keeled over from a heart attack. You see I've been guilty my whole life, Mr. Hitchcock. Try to remember this is all just make believe. Not to be prudish, but how far do you plan to push Norman's relationship with his mother? Further than you can possibly imagine. I'm getting blisters just looking at you. And all the more desirable. Too... Scottish. Now, you must try the banana shortcake. Bring her the banana shortcake, George. In fact make it two large portions. Allow me to put your mind at rest. The gardeners only once a week and weekends off for the driver? No. Absolutely not. We'll find other places to cut. But those geese are from Barstow not Marseilles. ALMA We all have to make our little sacrifices for the greater good, don't we, Alfred? Stay here. I'm going to get the knives. Ed! Ed! Ed... Ed...? ALMA Oh, shut up. Just get the first take under your belt you'll be fine. I've still got her under contract. I may as well get something out of it. For an utterly thankless girl. PEGGY Shurlock's office called again. They want to know when you'll be making the changes to the script. The more we frustrate them the more their interest will wane. VERA MILES Break it to me gently. Am I playing a lesbian librarian? Are you decent my dear? I want to thank you again for this opportunity, Mr. Hitchcock. It's just "Hitch", Tony. Hold the cock. (already moving past her) That's hand-woven imported camel hair from Rodier. Don't you approve? I solemnly promise... I solemnly promise... (ignoring Vera's sarcasm) That I will not divulge the plot nor the many secrets of Psycho... That I will not divulge the plot nor the many secrets of Psycho... To friends, relatives, trade reporters or columnists -- not even to outgoing President Dwight D. Eisenhower, God bless him. ANTHONY PERKINS Now, Hitch, explain to me why I'm watching Marion undress? I don't know...Perhaps as a boy, Norman secretly watched his mother preparing for her nightly bath. Yes -- one he could access with a chair so long as he was stealthy. You're the actor. You figure it out. All the better to see you at the greatest possible angle my dear... It's just my Jesuit work ethic. ... and if I'm not working then I'm nothing. I'm not even a person. I'm just a collection of molecules. A useless cylinder of ugly flesh. ALFRED HITCHCOCK My mother? Yes. To her, movie people were akin to thieves and prostitutes. The Oscar is your mother. You're a fine one to talk. ALFRED HITCHCOCK You will be wearing a white bra like this for the opening scene on the bed. And then after you've stolen the money... No. They have to look like they were bought at Sears and Roebuck. I want every woman in the audience to look up at Janet having sex with John Gavin and think, `that could be me'. We're ready for a fitting. We go under the blinds and match dissolve into the room itself... You girls go on ahead. Hello, stranger. Where have you been hiding yourself? And you? How are you? I've got a better idea. I'll be right there. ALFRED HITCHCOCK Was there a line at the market? Would you like a cocktail? I don't care. I was filming all day with John Gavin -- a good-looking chap but, really, plywood is more expressive. His love scene with Janet may be most horrifying thing in the picture. ALMA You should tell Whit that. He'd be flattered. Maybe I was too dismissive about your friend Whitfield's book. Perhaps he and Elizabeth could come over this weekend and he can walk me through it. ... You think they can't tell... but they can. They know. It's all closing in on you. The noose is tightening... What's the hold up? Fake it. ALFRED HITCHCOCK It's different when their pay is coming out of your own pocket. Till then, bye. Stop trailing me like a puppy dog and get me something long, cool and wet. Give me the key! Hello, Hitch. How's the picture? I'm hearing interesting things... It's a wonder you can hear anything over the noise coming from the Shurlock office. I shouldn't be in a position of just hearing things, Hitch. It's time you showed me some footage. Why? BARNEY BALABAN To see if you're making a picture Paramount can actually release. As you well know, Barney, my contract guarantees me final cut. Your contract also says Paramount isn't required to distribute any film that could cause us embarrassment. Unlike the last five Martin and Lewis pictures you're all so proud of. Connect me to Maxim's of Paris. Yes, it's Alfred Hitchcock in Hollywood, California, Jean-Claude. I need three pounds of foie gras sent on the next flight out. That's correct. Three. WHITFIELD COOK Those steaks haven't changed at all, have they? I have a little surprise. I've been asking myself the same thing. Did you know Adolf Hitler sketched the design for this car on Ferdinand Porsche's cocktail napkin in a Berlin beer garden? It's only now that I truly appreciate just how diabolical Herr Hitler was. So this is what they eat at the drive- ins... Needs must when the devil drives, my dear. ALMA I don't mind that he uses his obsession to fuel his art. I just don't like it when he uses it against me. He's like any great artist. Impossible to live with but worth the effort. (he throws a rock into the What do you think of that place over there? It's mine. She doesn't know about it. JANET LEIGH So what did happen between you and Vera? I was going to make her star. But she chose the life of a housewife. I'm just leasing it for the offseason. A place to get away from the wife and kid and write. You might find that room interesting. That's it. Dubrovnik. Care to hear my opinion? (with mock compassion) The plot's a muddle. Some of the jokes are awfully like things we already did better hundreds of years ago in The Lady Vanishes. And your villain is weak. But the biggest failure is the relationship between the hero and heroine. Look at this mess. SET HAND Tell the boss we're ready. What's the hold-up? Call time was two hours ago. But he's right. It does need more feeling. Good morning. Ah. There's our murderess. Are you ready for our little bloodbath? My mother used to say the same thing. Let's go for a take. Quiet everyone. Cut. Cut camera. CREW MEMBER Ready, sir. Print. We've got it. Not now, Ed. It's really not a good time. You just can't keep this stuff bottled up. That feels better already. It's official. The inmates are running the asylum. Hey there, Hitch. We're still working on it. (looking over at the Everyone misses you. ALFRED HITCHCOCK I've told Peggy and now I'm going to tell you. You have to get this sequence shot today. What's the hold up? We tried it ten different ways and it looks terrible. Why don't we use inserts? No. It has to be a high angle. You'll tip off the big surprise! Just get the process shot. Burning up our money. We're two days behind and I'm stuck in bed. To the set. We can't afford to lose any more time. Two more days of this and the whole production goes under. I'd hate to take you away from your writing partner. ALMA Under the blankets. Now. What do you mean? My mother always said if you're going to do a job, do it right. Check the floor. ALMA Barney. Alma. You know David Kirkpatrick. He's working on Jerry Lewis' next picture. So he's free to help... (a sly smile) if you need it... But you're nearly three days behind. BARNEY BALABAN Alma. We both know what kind of film this is. (then, closer) The smart thing to do would be to help Hitch finish it. We're still two days behind and sixty thousand over budget. Beware -- all men are potential murderers. ALMA Alright, what's this about? Spending a lot of time at the beach? Hardly the ideal setting to avoid distractions. I already told you -- that treatment is a waste of time. Are you and Whit having an affair? What a coincidence. I'm working on something new and I could use a little help too. I am under extraordinary pressures on this picture, the least you can do is give me your full support. Why didn't you stay with me? I would have made you as big a star as Grace Kelly. There was a time when I thought I understood you so completely -- understood women.... Alma, I thought you were coming later tonight. I did. I swear -- this just happened. I mean to Hitch. ALMA Oh, I wouldn't worry about that, Whit. You're going to have to cut all that nudity. What nudity? It was suggested. I definitely saw that knife jabbing her. We did no such shot. I'd stake my reputation on it. I'm recommending you cut the shower scene entirely. ALFRED HITCHCOCK I'll go over it frame by frame and set up another screening. Let's just say it was a four-letter review and it wasn't `good'. Don't you get lonely out here sometimes? I can always talk to my mother. They can't go in there. That's my mother's room... That's my mother's room!! An odd little movie. Of course, Colbert is wonderful. Except for you. We've seen the footage a thousand times. She doesn't blink. No, no, the second take, the light is better on his hands. Cut it tighter. The minute I lose one person I've lost the whole audience. ALMA You imp. You got nudity in there. Her breasts are very large, dear. It was a challenge not to show them. I'll be damned. She did blink. How's it going in there with Mr. Herrmann? Everyone's saying it's a dog with fleas. ...I don't want music in the shower murder. But what Alma and I talked about is really going to play. No. This isn't Vertigo, Bernie. This is different. The images have to work on their own. ALMA You can't scare people just by going, "Boo!" You have to tell them what's coming, make them anticipate it -- Thank God we've got Cinderfella for the holidays. What do you think? Hitch? It's getting there. GEOFFREY SHURLOCK I told you, I distinctly saw both the stabbing and the nudity. We're denying your seal, Mr. Hitchcock. I take your opinion very seriously. But what you think you're seeing is purely informed by the power of suggestion. I assure you that once you view the final version with Mr. Herrmann's lovely, lyrical score... A "lyrical score" won't change my opinion. All that innuendo and half-naked groping -- really, Hitch. Would you mind if we had a word in private, Geoffrey? My specifications? If only audiences could fully appreciate how tirelessly you work to help us entertain them while protecting them from filth and indecency. That I respected him. Deeply. No need. The charade is over. Worthy of a Purple Heart, my dear. ALFRED HITCHCOCK I hope you don't mind, I told Mrs. Bates she could have your dressing room. We have our seal from Shurlock's office. Now, we lead the lambs to the slaughter. The front office confirmed. They're only opening the movie in two theatres, as we suspected. And no premiere. If we don't get word of mouth we're dead. Then we'd better get started. Peggy, take a memo... ALFRED HITCHCOCK ... a fire escape or through a skylight, you will be ejected by brute force. Ready for the gallows? We've roped off some seats for you. You go on ahead. I'll join you in a minute. (under his breath) But they're laughing too much. ALFRED HITCHCOCK I promised Mother I wouldn't tell. Mr. Hitchcock, what do I do now that my wife won't take a shower after seeing your movie? Have her dry-cleaned. I just got off the phone with Balaban. I couldn't resist telling him we're sold out for the next two weeks. What did he say? He said "Tell Hitch congratulations. A well deserved triumph as we always knew." "As we always knew..." I'm sorry, Mr. Hithcock but there are photographers outside. They heard you were here. ALMA This could be the biggest hit of your career, Alfred. Our career, Alma. And that, madame, is why they call me "The Master of Suspense"... ORDERLY (to the Attendant) Guess what I'm doing this weekend? Claudine and I are driving to Chicago with her folks to see that Psycho movie. I think you're the happiest guy I've ever known, Ed. How you do it? I'll tell you. You live your life, and it's unbearable sometimes but there's this secret, Chet; a big secret no one else knows or wants to tell... (he leans a little closer) ... there is a God and he's so big and powerful, he doesn't always remember you're there... ALFRED HITCHCOCK And so, gentle viewer, Psycho -- the picture everyone predicted would bring me to wrack and ruin -- was such a hit that Alma and I got to... Well, let's just say that we got to keep our house -- and the swimming pool. And the same critics who despised it went on to call it one of my greatest achievements. But you know what they say in Hollywood: "You're only as good as your last picture." So, now, if you'll excuse me, I must toddle off to begin the exhaustive search for my next project. 