I'm tellin' ya, I'm giving you all I know. Look, give me a break, you're going to have to settle for her place. It's the only thing I know. I don't give a shit who you ask. Fuck off. I don't know what the hell you're talkin' about. Maybe you better have a Black Russian. Yeah.Hey, what about me? He's just kiddin', you just keep doin' what I tell ya, you'll be okay. They always let me do anything. I don't want to pay for it. I never paid for it in my life. I never paid for it in my life. Pay money? Whaddya mean, buy? I ain't tired yet. You got a real big mouth, convict.In the back. Down the other corridor. No chance. Yeah. Sure, i'm crazy in love with him, who wouldn't be... Would you guys... I used to go with him...I don't know where the hell he is. I haven't seen him for two weeks. And I don't think I will. He owes me money... Don't give me that police shit. You drop it.Where's ganz? He can live or die ... You let us in and he's got a chance to make it. Otherwise, he gets ventilated. You're gonna help us take him. You and the other one, you're still Billy's girls. You always were his girls... No time for any of that crap any more, lady... I'll rip your lungs out if you don't answer fast. I hear you've got visitors. How about it? I said police. Now drop the goddamn gun. You're done. End of story. I don't think you're gonna make it. You lying son of a bitch... Thanks. No, you don't. If I ever get word of you steppin' over the line again, I'm gonna ventilate that suit of yours. That's right. Not my style, Reggie.. It's your money. It'll be here in six months when you get out. There's nothin' to talk about. Okay, reggie, start bustin' my chops... Tell me how great you were with that chick. You did pick a real strange time to go and be brave all on your own... You okay? Partnership? Sure, I'll give you a shot at it, but Ganz is mine. You know, that big Indian plays it for keeps... Whatever play I maker just back me up. I've got to play it rough with them. If they know anything, I'm gonna know it. If she's right, and if you don't screw up. Yeah, well the only woman of the Indian's we ran into was shacked up with her dyke girlfriend. I guess she went with him before she came outta the Closet ... They both looked mad enough to kill him... Don't worry about it. Naw, you didn't let me down. It was a long shot all the way. We gave 'em a good run at it. I don't know about you, but I could use a drink... I'll buy you one. It'll be my good-bye present. I had it impounded. Come on, we'll use it for haulin' you back to the slam. Yeah. It missed the last four stops. Why? That was quick. Yeah, I see her. Yeah. Guess not. Thanks for callin' in... and I guess Maybe... Look, I'm sorry I called you Watermellon nigger... those kinds of things. I was just leanin' on ya, doin' my job. I don't know why, but I'm going to let you keep it. Maybe because you told me you had it, or maybe just because I'm too tired to argue... Tell me something. Why didn't you just take the money off Luther and split? So you took the rest of the night off... Maybe we should pay Luther a visit. We missed. What about Luther? Hello. And goodbye. Where's luther? I'll be there in a minute. You don't move your ass, right? You stay with me... Right. if you ever switch from armed robbery to pimping, then you're all set. Yeah, most cops are pretty dumb... But since you're the one that landed in jail what's that make you? Class isn't somethin' you buy, punk. Look at you, five hundred dollar suit and you're still a lowlife. What you don't understand is, I don't give a damn about how this thing looks. Yeah, it doesn't look like he's gonna make it as a dangerous tough guy... Maybe Luther hopes Ganz'll give him a piece of your money... I'm not in this 'cause it's fun. I'm not into hitting guys 'cause it makes me feel good either... I do it 'cause it works-... If they don't tell me what I need to know... That ain't philosophy. That's common sense. I suppose you'd never be like Luther and let a woman get to you... Oh, yeah, does bein' in love make you stupid? If I was his size and had Ganz on my ass, I'd just leave town. You'd think the guy'd be smart enough to know he was being tailed. Didn't know you darker people went in for foreign jobs. Musta got some primo bondsman. Guess what? Luther just got in line. You took a big chance, leaving this here all this time. Shit. You son of a bitch. You knew where the money was all along and all we had to do was come here and wait. I almost got my ass blown off twice tonight for nothing. ...For three years? Let's hope it wasn't a tow-away zone. Where's the goddamn car? Yeah. Right. Right, partner. Where's the money? Depends on how things work out. I believe in the merit system. So far you haven't built up any points. Not likely, convict. He's after your money. Just tell me about the money. Jesus. How much? They saved your ass, convict. Yeah, right. You want to try again? Who gives a Goddamn what you think? You're just a crook that's got a weekendpass ... You're not even a name anymore. Just a spear- chucker with a Goddamn number stenciled on the back of his prison fatigues... Luther knew more than he told me and so do you...Now you better tell we what the fuck this is all about. I gave you 48 hours to come up with something and the clock's runnin' ... You? Don't make me laugh. You can't take care of shit. You've been dicking me around since we started on this turd-hunt. All you're good for is games... So far, what I got outta you is nothin'... This sucks. A maniac gets hold of my gun and goes all over the streets killing people with it. So, instead of me being where I oughta be, which is in bed giving my girl the high, hard one, I'm out here doing this shit, roaming around with some overdressed, charcoal-colored loser like you. Let's go. Come on. There. While you're at it, You can give me the switchblade, too. Some of us citizens are with you all the way, Officer. My kind of place. I always liked country boys. I'm gonna enjoy this ... here, I'll even loan you my badge. The bet's off. You tell me what Ganz busted out for, he's after a lot more than just gettin' out of jail. And whatever it is, you're part of it. I'll tell you what happens if you lose... you tell the truth for once. Why? Anybody that talks about women as much as you do probably can't get it up anyway. I got two problems. Number one, I'm not playin' games. Number two, you got nothin' to bet with. You need five years training to handle a joint like... Bullshit. Attitude and experience get you through... If they kick my ass, they'll sure as hell carve yours up... This part of town, they'll make us for heat the second we walk in. Just back me up like you've got a piece... Well? Sure. Then we had a fight this morning. Last night. I don't give out the details. Now, where we goin', convict? She's got the same complaint as half the Goddamn population. She can't get the job she's trained for and it pisses her off... Anyway, what the fuck do you care? Just get in the car and keep your mouth shut. Yeah, I'm hungry too. I know of a place. Let's go eat. We eat when I say we eat. Yeah, well, my ass bleeds for you. And I didn't get you out so you could go on a Goddamn "trim" hunt... stop moaning. We're on the move. Let's go. As they walk toward a corridor. He's gotta take that call ... if there is one. What do you think? Want to try it again? Hey, this works pretty good. Just throw me the Goddamn gun. I'm tellin' you to drop the Goddam gun. I'm helpin' you, huh? Your pal nuts enough to take a shot at me? I may call you worse than that. I don't give a damn. It happens to be my name. I can read a police file, shithead, and quit calling me Jack. Luther was part of the gang? Okay, let's get down to it. I did my part and got you out. So now you tell me where we're goin'? Yeah. Get this. We ain't partners. We ain't brothers. We ain't friends. I'm puttin' you down and keepin' you down until Ganz is locked up or dead. And if Ganz gets away, you're gonna be sorry we ever met. You just don't get it, do your Reggie? There isn't any deal. I own your ass. I don't need to hear your jive. I already got that department taken care of... We're supposed to be after a killer, not a string of hookers... This prison gives out $400 suits? I'll think about it. Bullshit. What's the big deal about you bein' on the street? You're crazy. Yeah? Didn't work out that way. He busted out with a big Indian. They capped two guards on a road gang. Nice meeting you Reggie. Yeah, I noticed... Not likely, Reggie. Maybe I just need some help. Try Cates. And let's talk in private, okay? I'm taking my prisoner back to jail. He's got more brains and more guts in one corner of his asshole than any cop I've worked with. I didn't have the time. Right. I screwed up. I fucked up. I messed up. Anybody could have done better, especially you. I bet you're real good at hitting targets through crowds. The Indian. I was about 30 yards away. They ran. As fast as they could. Caught a train. I lost them, that's what happened. I'll keep it in mind. Yeah? You really know how to send a guy out with a great attitude. He starts to go. Being a hot dog's worked pretty well for me so far... Besides, I got a lead... Yeah. It bothers me when cops get hurt while I'm makin' a play. I don't like it. Yeah... Hey, the bastard's got my gun. I want it back. I want to be left alone on this one. Algren was killed with my gun. Are you gonna tell me about police procedure? Do me a favor, don't give me a bunch of crap. The truth hurts, doesn't it, buddy? Yeah. Jesus Christ. Why the hell didn't you tell me before? What? I got to wait for a call. Bullshit red tape. Nothing came in for me yet? No calls? Aw, bullshit, you heard wrong. So do you...been a long day. One of em's in the slam. I think I wanna have a discussion about it with any of the ones still walking. Can we find them? Tell me that's not the same guy. Wait a minute, wait a minute... who's this? Who are all these? Billy Bear... Shit. I'll help you out. Is that what this guy Ganz had in the hotel? When? How? I think I met her. Now tell us something we don't know, like where they stashed her. You just took a shot at me, asshole. I think you do know where he is. I sure ain't his fairy godmother... now I'm looking for Ganz...where is he? That's what I always say. He's takin' care of the same business I'll be takin' care of - soon as I dry off. Promised I'd turn my back while he... ah, never mind... Three more hours... Yeah, bein' a hard-ass all the time is a real drag, but it works. Usual bullshit. You make one smart move and everybody wants to be your friend... You know somethin', shootin' guys sucks. Especially compared to this. Let's go, Reggie. Whaddya think? Hey, Come on, shrink time's over. They wouldn't go see some old girlfriend. So what? Come on, they were a little old for a slumber party. How do you know? Nothing. No sign of Ganz. No sign of the Indian. Airport's clean. Train station. Bus station. Docks... Shit... I've been better...Dead end. No Ganz, no Indian. We and my pal here have been taking it on the chin for the last few hours... Don't. We've had a hard night. Hiya, kid. Hi, it's me... Just a second, that's all! Elaine, I gotta put you on hold... The number ... what's the Goddamn number? No, it's I'm just surprised you called. Elaine! I... I'm sorry... I was expecting somebody else... police business. Listen, Goddamn it if you think I'm happy about it, you're nuts. I just gotta take care of a few things, okay? Elaine, look, I'm in the middle of sone stuff right now... I'm not gonna have time to come by. I don't know when I can get there. That's right. I'm not like you. I'm not gonna sit on my ass wondering what's right and what's wrong... There's a psycho out there killing people with my gun and I'm gonna get him. Because it's my job. And if you don't get that... I didn't get burned, two cops did. Listen, I'll tell you about personnel responsibility. I like to get the job done right. And if I don't get my job done right... I'm for shit. Bullshit? I'll tell you about bullshit. My gun's a real weapon in the hands of a real maniac who knows how to use it. It isn't my macho bullshit that's killing people, my gun is ... Sure, okay, fine, no problem... See, there's this kid in jail ... First thing I got to do is go up and see what he knows ... Yeah, Guess it must have been a slow news day... Yeah, one of my favorites. Guess people ought to know who I am... Thanks for the coffee. You sure you want me to? That's the way I see it, too. What do you want to know? What difference does it make? I'm the guy in your bed the last three months. I make you feel good. You make me feel good. What the hell else do you want from a guy? Maybe you don't know what the hell you're talking about. Maybe I got a fairly crummy day ahead. Maybe you ought to buy me one. What makes you think I have any clean shirts at my place? I think you're ashamed to tend bar which is sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear... You pull down four bills a week which is damn good, and you mix the best Pina Coladas I've ever had... I think that if you need bigger and better things ... then go for em. Hey, you know what I really think? I do think all psychotherapy is bullshit. But just because I think it's bullshit doesn't mean I don't know something about it. Positive self-image problem all over again ... You are who you decide you are unless you're the type that lets assholes decide for you. I guess he got the message... What'd you do? What's wrong with that? That's the way I see it, too. Hey, you're right. This is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the world. You gotta ask yourself just one question. Are you feelin' lucky? I don't answer questions, I ask 'em...And I need one more for my pal. Yeah. Make her an Indian. No, not a turban, you know, a squaw. Maybe that's where I'm gonna cut your throat. Just do what I say, okay? We'll pay for the girls and have a good time... Don't you trust me? It's better when you pay... they let you do anything. Yeah, dummy. Money. Pros. Maybe after we get done with him I'm gonna buy us some girls. I want to drive awhile. Maybe you shoulda stole a better truck, Tonto. I ain't gonna beg for my life. It ain't cool. I got hit. I can't believe it. I got shot. Whaddya mean...I got your gun ... I got his money... I got everything... After I get outta this, cop...I'm gonna live forever... What are you talking about? We didn't kill her ... Keep stallin'. Stall. Shut up. Shut up. We'll follow you. Take it slow,okay? We got a lot to talk about. How ya doin'? How hot are they? What are you talkin' about? I said I wouldn't hurt her. First, the money. You try to mess with us or go to the cops, I promise you, I'll put holes in her you wouldn't believe. You chickenshit punk... When? Billy, go ahead, break it... Instead of worryin' about Reggie, you better worry about me... You want that Indian to snap her neck? I want the money, asshole, what do you think? The money that Reggie hid... Surprise, Luther.Where the Christ do you think you're going? Just cause you say it with conviction don't mean shit to me... How you gonna take to a pink slip, huh?. Too bad, it would've covered your ass. Now you're in the shit and so's the department. In case you haven't noticed, this wasn't our finest hour... I told you everyone was watchin' on this one. Maybe you better start thinkin' about writin' tickets off a three wheel bike. Don't duck the bullet Cates. Why didn't you call in for backup instead of makin' a grandstand play? What a screw-up. You couldn't get to him? Which one pulled the trigger? How did they get away? What the bell happened? Try not to get your ass shot to pieces. We got enough dead cops on this one. Jack? Okay. You're not a team player. You gotta do things your own way. Fine. Nail this guy and make us all look good. But you better watch your ass. If you screw up, I can promise you, you're goin' down. You might be more of a team player and a little less of a hot dog on this one, Jack. Anthing botherin' you besides losin' your gun? Jack, come on, there is an official department policy about cop killings. Cop killers represent a special priority because any man crazy enough to kill a cop is a greater threat to an unarmed civilian... In other words, we can't seen like we're in the revenge business... I know, we all know the truth's a little different. Yeah, I read the report...Try obeyin' the law once in awhile, and I won't have to hassle you... I don't give a damn about his girl... Maybe I better ask around, see what your pals think. Now how's your memory doin'? No, man, I think I'll have a vodka. Vodka. I'll buy ya the best dinner in San Francisco...how'd that be? Then we'll go dancin', okay? Hey, no, I'm tryin' to be nice. Buy yourself something pretty. I'd do it, but I got to go. I got this cop waitin' for me... Here you go, baby. I just struck it rich... I think we can do a little business. As a matter of fact, I think we can have a party. Here's hoping, baby... No, it's gotta be here and now. Believe me. Only I don't have the damn money for a room... No, baby, nothin' like that. Look, there's a place across the street. We can go right over there... Yeah, i been waiting three years. Here you go sweetheart, throw it my way. Goodbye. Oh ... You're a schoolteacher... Excuse me, baby, but if i don't get some action tonight, I'm gonna bust. You interested? No trouble, Jack. But, listen, suppose I stay a crook? Where'd you get the idea that you could catch me? Spare met Jack. I'm into legit investments from here on in. You are an awesomely weird cop. Sure wish there were more like you runnin' around out here. And you're tellin' me you don't want any of this cash? Wait a minute, Cates. I've been waitin' three years for that. I don't think it's fair, man. What about the merit system.? You were gonnna give me a few thousand. Hey, Jack, real men don't have to go in for that macho bullshit ... but I was fantastic. Yeah. But I wasn't there for a second. Well, you got to admit we come a long way. Yeah, and I know Ganz sure ain't no sweetheart... I wouldn't like it if this partnership ended before it gets started. If we run into Billy first, let me try and talk him in. Hey, there she is... What if your girl's theory turns out to be bullshit? I mean, they could be in Rio de Janeiro. Do I get to kiss her too? Yeah, too bad. They were real nice lookin' too...In bed together, hardly any clothes one watching TV... It's late, they're closing... Yeah, but we didn't get 'em. Sorry we didn't do better, Jack. I feel like I let you down. Back to jail in my own car. Ganz got away. Got all my money. It just don't seem right. Hey, how'd my car get here? Notice something funny about that bus? Luther's on the move... When you been in prison three years, it don't take long. Let's go. I can just take her right across the street to Luther's hotel. All I need is some money for the room. Bein' good at your job don't explain everything, Jack ... You sure that's the reason? Forget it. I want Ganz as bad as you do and I got some other news for you... They must have set up a meeting for the morning; Luther left an 8 am wake-up and put up the "Don't Disturb" sign. He's trading his girl for the money. All we have to do to grab Ganz is not go blind. Let him get some sleep. He's going to need it. You missed ... Luther took a taxi to the hotel across the street. Made a phone call. What about Ganz? Be polite. Say hello. This is Candy. Hey, Jack, how ya doin'? What took you so long to call, man? I been waitin' ... I'm at Vroman's up in the Fillmore. Yeah, Vroman's... 'Course you don't hang out here; it's for the brothers. No way... Bullshit. Then i'm staying with the money. That was in style a couple years back, man. We're getting too close ... Cates, what's the matter, you been takin' dumb pills? No class... You know, I'd be embarrassed if I let my wheels go the way you've done with this job. A long time agb Luther must of got the shit beat out of him so bad it just rattled his brain ... that would account for him making so many wrong moves in a row... If he's hoping that then he's dumber than I think he is, which would be amazin', cause I already think he's real dumb. You got a very depressing view of life, man... you gotta smile once in awhile... Doesn't it get... Tiring? Say, do you always work people over like you did Luther? I let women get to me. The quest for pussy is the meaning of life ... I got my own personal philosophy about 'em. Keep women separate from guns, money and business ... women are for spending money. They got nothing to do with helping you make it. I'm tellin' you the man's in love... he wants to be a hero for his girl. Tryin' to save his girl, man. He's in another world. I had no choice. Some white asshole bought the last piece of shit skyblue Cadillac. Jesus Christ, look at all the dust on my car...why in the hell don't he take it to a car wash? Jesus Christ. That's a disgrace The guy pulls a gun on a cop and he's out in 24 hours. I tell you some of the courts these days are just a fucking revolving door. What? Not really. I figured Ganz was put down for a long time. And I knew Luther would never job me on his own. He's too chickenshit. I wasn't sure the money was still there until we saw Luther. You almost got your ass shot off for nothing once, not twice, Jack. You just drove by it. This'll show you how smart I am. I got it parked. You're a real case, you know that, Jack? Get this. We ain't partners. We ain't brothers. We ain't friends. If Ganz gets away with my money, you're gonna be sorry we ever met. In the trunk of a car. A lot better than under a mattress, right? You gonna let me keep any of it? We split 50-50? You catch on real fast...Okay, Jack, let's talk deal. How much of my money you gonna let me keep? Me and my bunch hit a dealer in the middle of a sale. It's the kind of money nobody ever reports stolen. I was sittin' pretty, livin' in the high cotton, then somebody fingered me for another job. ... Some psycho who's out there capping people with some cop's gun. Half a million. I been waiting a long time for some money. One thing's for sure, Jack. That's how you'll tell the story. Naw, you'd just call your pals back to bail you out one more time. Maybe I don't like the way you ask. I'm impressed with you too, Jack you did a real good job of busting up a couple of dykes bedded down for the night. You wanna leave, man? Let me take care of Ganz all by myself. Wait a minute. Maybe these ladies would like to go a few laps with us. How about it? I been nearly three years in prison and... Must be billy's girl. You made that move, huh? That wasn't necessary, buddy. I got this under control. This place don't seem real popular with the brothers. I thought you said bullshit and experience are all it takes. I don't know what you're talking about. I just wanna see Ganz nailed. What are you talkin' about? That's never been one of my problems. If we come outta this joint with Ganz' phone number, or a dead Indian, or anything else useful, then you could turn the other way for half an hour while I get laid... Hey, you wanna bet? I been in a lot of bars where a white cop rousted me and some of the brothers. All those clowns ever had going for 'em was a gun and a badge... But you can handle it all right, huh? Real amazin' how far a gun and a badge can carry some cats... Back you up? Now why would I wanna do that? It's a long shot, but...Billy used to tend bar here a few years back. I heard him talk about it. At least you took care of business and got the important part in before she came down on you...Tell me a little about her. She got great tits? You have a good time? Last night, two nights ago, three? Mission District. Gonna find us an Indian. You really do have onoe, huh, Jack... what's her problem besides you? Who'd you call on the phone back at the booking station? Yeah, I want mandolins, flowers... They move off down the corridor. Bullshit ... I ain't moving till I get something to eat. You've been treating me like shit ever since I came out here. If you don't like it, you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye. And I want some food some place nice.. Some good people, nice music... Speakin' of moans my Stomach is startin' to growl. Do you know how close I was to getting some trim. And you fucked' it up. If you let him run around till Tuesday, he's gonna run right to Ganz and warn him. Ain't you, motherfucker? I think you better put him on ice, man. Thank you. I got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me. Quit playin' cop and undo this cuff, Jack, I need to talk to this man. Luther ain't the reliable type. I don't want you shot yet, Cates ... not before you been a help to me. Just up the street, the other side, over there ... Now, don't bother knockin' on the door. Luther ain't the kind of guy that looks for company. Then what're you complainin' about? At least nobody's calling you shithead.... Just an expression man, don't mean nothin'. What gang you talkin' about, Jack? Don't worry, I got a move for ya. An awesome move. A guy named Luther. Ganz'll be paying him a visit. We go to him right away. It looks like you bought it off one of the brothers. Shit. I'm already sorry. No way to start a partnership. Hey, no way. Take off the bracelets or no deal. You got a girl... shit... the generosityof women never ceases to amaze me. Listen, it may be a little out of date. You know, I got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies... What are you talkin' about? This suit's mine. It cost $900. It's the only way you're gonna get Ganz. I got a lot to protect. I can help you, man, but you gotta get me out. I got to be on the street. Get me outta here. I can deliver Ganz. But you gotta get me outta here first. Ganz is in jail. He's gonna be there two years after I'm on the street. You here to write my life story? Sure, anything you want. You got a name, cop? He was the only one of my bunch that was my friend... He was loyal, went all the way for you... Hey, two days with him is enough. Hard man to live with. Well, I been workin' the other side of the street for the last few years. And you don't exactly look like a shrink, wearin' that dress... Name's Hammond, Reggie Hammond. I heard a lot about you. And any friend of Jack's is a friend of mine. I'll got your money to you. No sweat. Try and take it. Yeah, I know that, but this is me and we're old friends. I haven't got the money so what are you gonna do about it? Five. On credit. Don't mess with me. How much? How much? How about some ammo? I'm sure. Everybody here's looking at everybody else's ass. Naw, right here's okay. How you doing, man?Sure, right. Yeah, old times. Can't complain. Hot? Hey, they're not even room temperature.I'm not paid to take your personal calls. He was in some bar. .. off duty. I almost forgot. That pal of yours from the Vice Squad wants you to call him. Okay. See you in the morning... you know, you ought to get some rest... I'm heading out. How about you? Nothing. Doesn't look like it. Long night, too, from what I heard ... Word's going around that in addition to losing Ganz for the second time, and in addition to Haden busting you back to Patrolman, some jig beat the crap out of you. You look awful. Here's the file. Cates checks the file. Hey ... Dick Tracy. Uhh ... Wong, Henry Wong. He was in on the same job. They all pulled a bunch of jobs with Ganz about four years ago. Backup man from the East Bay. Worked with Ganz a few years ago and sprung him from the road gang. This guy must have had a .44 like yours, Jack. Now he's got yours. Every last bit of it. The big guy's room was empty.Great, just great. How about chargin' the battery? Yeah, I've been busy. Hammond. I want to pick up my car. I dunno ... he's gonna call me... He ... he wants me to help him skip town. I don't know. Ganz and Billy got my girl, Rosalie. Who gives a fuck what you think? Haven't seen him for years. That's the truth. A cop... Rosalie, you okay? Let her go. Come on, you can trust me. Please. Honest. The place we stashed it opens Monday morning. I can't get it till then. Monday morning, that's when it opens. After that, I'll get the money to you right away... I can't get it until Monday. Honest. No! Don't kill her. I can get you the money. Don't give me this, we were partners. I don't know what you're talkin' about. Whaddya want? I thought you were locked up-I guess when two cops die on account of your fuck up you want to keep it as quiet as possible... Somebody steals your gun, you're supposed to file a report. But that's what you say about all of us all the tine ... we're always the ones fucking up when you tell it... That's what you say, Cates...