What is it, Mary? Felt like a large asteroid. Did you feel that? Sir? Sir, I've got an overload in disposal unit four. We seem to have a malfunction in disposal unit four, sir. Accelerators down. Oveur.No more kids yelling, 'Your old man's a thieving rapist'? Do you think things will be a lot different on Mercury, Dad? I sure an glad they let Scraps ride up here with us. Will Scraps be able to sit with us, Dad? Yeah. Sure. Scraps.All right. Here. I don't want to hear that word! We've spent everything on these operations. Is it really worth it? We've pawned your mother's wedding ring. The kids have no winter clothes... You're sure? What? I don't want to live anymore.Look, a man can make an honest mistake!! Anyway, she was asking for it! They're all asking for it all the time!! How many kids get a chance to live on another planet. It's going to be terrific. A whole new world, new kids to play with. I bet Scraps is going to love Mercury. We'll have to check, Jimmy. It's a pretty long trip to Mercury.Kruger, Sagittarius. I was asking McCrosky, Commissioner. What's the story? Forget it. I was reading. You've made your point, Commissioner. There's only one other pilot who can handle that shuttle and that's Clarence Oveur. He's got a lunar flight today. I want him pulled. Jacobs, pull Oveur! I wonder how your boys in Washington are going to take this one. That's right, Commissioner. Senselessly murdered just minutes ago. I just wish it was that simple. Commissioner. And what do the boys on the board know about safety, Commissioner? Let me talk to them. Commissioner, we both know the Mercury shuttle needs another month of pre-launch testing.You better take this. Dunn. You better check on it, Mr. Dunn. I'll stay here and fly the ship. You better check it, Unger. Shut down accelerators. Dunn. Roger. You better get back there and monitor the regulatory unit. I'd rather sit down for this one, Elaine. Roger. I see. What do you think our alternatives are? Elaine, ask ROK for a field interference scan. Those sun spots might give us a problem with our communications. Do you like it when Scraps sleeps on his back, Jimmy? He's a boy dog. Can I hold him? Come on up, Jimmy. Say, that's some puppy. What's his name? Have you tried it with a little cinnamon? Poached! Not over! Over! That's how I want them. Poached. Over. Just poached on toast. Over. No. Poached. Over. A couple eggs and juice would be nice, Mary. Over. Yes, sir, commander. This is Mercury One. Everything seems A- okay up here and ready for count-down. Good to be aboard, gentlemen. Do you think it's necessary to explain everything ? Mr. Kurtz, I presume.Ah, yes, the Institute, I'm familiar with it. It's a privilege to meet you, sir, I'm familiar with all your work. Say, isn't that Dr. Barrington, the world- renowned agronomist? You folks need any help?But that's not a door. The door's over there. You can't go in there! Death, death. How about the first Thursday in March, ten o'clock. You'll have to be more specific than that, sir. Do you have an appointment, sir?There's nothing wrong with me, Elaine. What about tonight -- just you and me. We can be alone. I can get rid of everyone else on the ship -- I've already proven that . Life support check. Elaine, it's obvious you've been ignoring me. You're a woman. I can relate to that. Systems check positive. Look, Elaine, I... You have great tits. Can I say something of a personal nature to you? Elaine, I'm sorry about that little outburst a moment ago. Cut the Doubting Thomas shit, Elaine. I know where I'm coming from on this. Negative. Negative.Maybe. My career is shot. We're computer locked and the manual navigation unit is down. He tried to disconnect ROK. It gassed him. That computer is running this ship and we're heading right for the sun. Roger. That's my girl. Have you got it straightened out now? Meet me onboard, sweetheart. I have to pick up a few things at the drugstore. So mentally ill? Elaine! Ted's a danger to himself, he's a threat to this mission and his behavior does absolutely nothing to promote peace in the Middle East. I guess this is a first for you. Frank's the best pilot in the program. You're heading up the division in charge of babies for Mr. and Mrs. Simon Kurtz. Women and the space program have come a long way, sweetheart. But after the wedding, no more complicated computers for my little girl. Who would believe that Elaine Thompson was once a stewardess on the Denver-Chicago run. For the best little computer officer on the Mercury mission. Whenever your're ready, Captain. Captain Oveur, your navigator, Mr. Unger, and your first officer, Mr. Dunn. That's how dry cleaning works. Now I'd like to quickly go over the digestive system of amphibians. We don't have much time. Let's move. I'll explain everything. Captain Oveur? Don't talk to me about Elaine. Outta my way! That damn computer has taken over. I'm getting out. Striker. You're tired, Striker, overworked. That wiring meets all the safety specifications. You're seeing bugs where they don't exist, Striker. That's right, Striker. And we're getting married when we return.Kramer, the WORP control handle just came off in my hand. Now! We've blown the computer! Elaine! Set course change! I guess you'd have to be a fool not to be afraid at a time like this. Are you afraid? The sun will heat that thing to over 450 degrees within seconds. He'll roast like a pig on a spit. That's right -- premature ejection. Sit down, Elaine. If this bomb trick works we just might make it. Simon was a fool to eject now. That might be the news we've been waiting for. Well, Elaine, this might be it if those guys on the ground don't think of something. Kurtz was the one who got us into this mess in the first place. You people knew this ship wasn't ready to fly. You played God with over a hundred lives, Kruger, and for what -- the prestige of your precious space program. Not now, Elaine. Elaine, I'm going back there. Just hold onto that stick and try to control this hunk of tin as best you can. Elaine, what's going on? Elaine! There's something dangerously wrong with this ship, Elaine. I know its the wiring. That toilet's just the tip of the iceberg. What would you say if I told you the toilet just blew up in my face. What word would you use, Elaine? Then you do think I'm insane. Elaine, I mean the mission has to be aborted. This ship should never have passed FSA inspection. This thing is held together by string and chewing gum. Elaine, we have to go back. Elaine. Not now, Elaine! I've got it, Elaine! I've figured out what's wrong with the shuttle! Let me by, Elaine. I have to get in there. I have to stop this flight. That's the way I want it. Just turn the radio on and go. No goodbyes, Elaine. Just go. His name's David Stockman. He's been here twenty years, that's all he says. Elaine, when are you going to realize Simon Kurtz put me in here to get me out of the way. Sammy Davis Junior. Terrible car accident. He hasn't been the same since. Elaine, what happened to us? Elaine. You're as bad as the rest of them, Elaine! It's all here in the design specifications! Look! It's all here! There's nothing wrong with me! Ask Simon. I mean the Mercury flight. It's not safe and, Kurtz, you know why. It's got to be stopped! That's not important now, Elaine. We have to talk. Elaine. I'm sure. That's right, Joe. Now, no one's going to hurt you and no one has to know what's wrong with you. Joe, the insurance policy won't help your wife and kids. You bought auto insurance, not life insurance. Joe, you don't want to blow that thing and kill all these innocent people. Anything. Just don't let Salucci think we're onto him. No, a bomb. Now, as discreetly as possible, I want you to move the passengers into the lounge. He's carrying a bomb. Which passenger is Joe Salucci? Don't try to stop me! All right, it's a matter of death. No, dammit. It's a matter of life or death. I have to see Bud Kruger. Pull yourself together! We've got to... Then Elaine was right. Kurtz, you're drunk. Who's in command of this ship? I know you've been subtly spreading the word that I'm having a breakdown. Look at this wiring. It's shorting out under high temperatures. Are you on the Mercury mission? Well, we laughed. We laughed all the time. I just wish it was that simple. We really were in love. You know how it is when you laugh all the time. Sure. But that's only when the love itself goes unchanged. People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own. We were in love but I'm not sure I know what love is anymore. I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me. I'm getting over it. If a relationship isn't working, you can't force it. I'm familiar with your work, Doctor. You'll have to excuse me, I have to go. Not Dr. Barrington, the world renowned agronomist? Uh... oh, thank you. It's nothing.