He will be saying prayers in the  garden -- just follow the others. Brother -- Bapu is already late for  prayers. Oh, God... oh, God... ...The object of this massive tribute  died as he had always lived -- a  private man without wealth, without  property, without official title or  office... Tell me -- do you think about hell? "Hell!" No -- neither do I. But... but this man is a Christian and he  has written -- Excuse me, baas, but how long have  you been in South Africa? A -- a week. Well, I don't know how you got a  ticket for -- Here -- coolie, just what are you  doing in this car? Why -- I -- I have a ticket. A First  Class ticket. How did you get hold of it? I sent for it in the post. I'm an  attorney, and I didn't have time to -- There are no colored attorneys in  South Africa. Go and sit where you  belong. I'll take your luggage back, baas. No, no -- just a moment, please. You see, Mohandas K. Gandhi, Attorney  at Law. I am going to Pretoria to  conduct a case for an Indian trading  firm. Didn't you hear me? There are no  colored attorneys in South Africa! Sir, I was called to the bar in London  and enrolled in the High Court of  Chancery -- I am therefore an  attorney, and since I am -- in your  eyes -- colored -- I think we can  deduce that there is at least one  colored attorney in South Africa. Smart bloody kaffir -- throw him  out! You move your damn sammy carcass  back to third class or I'll have you  thrown off at the next station. I always go First Class! I have  traveled all over England and I've  never... But you're a rich man -- why do you  put up with it? I'm rich -- but I'm Indian. I  therefore do not expect to travel  First Class. In England, I was a poor student but That was England. This part of "England's" Empire! Mr. Gandhi, you look at Mr. Khan and  see a successful Muslim trader. The  South Africans see him simply as an  Indian. And the vast majority of  Indians -- mostly Hindu like yourself -- were brought here to work the mines  and harvest the crops -- and the  Europeans don't want them doing  anything else. But that is very un-Christian. Mr. Gandhi, in this country Indians  are not allowed to walk along a  pavement with a "Christian"! You mean you employ Mr. Baker as  your attorney, but you can't walk  down the street with him? I can. But I risk being kicked into  the gutter by someone less "holy"  than Mr. Baker. Well, then, it must be fought. We  are children of God like everyone  else. Allah be praised. And what battalions  will you call upon? I -- I will write to the press --  here -- and in England. And I will use the courts. You will make a lot of trouble. We are members of the Empire. And we  come from an ancient civilization.  Why should we not walk on the  pavements like other men? I rather like the idea of an Indian  barrister in South Africa. I'm sure  our community could keep you in work  for some time, Mr. Gandhi -- even if  you caused a good deal of trouble. Especially if you caused a good deal  of trouble. There's the English reporter. I told  you he'd come. You also said your article would  draw a thousand people. At least some of the Hindus brought  their wives. No. I asked my wife to organize that. Some of them are leaving... Ladies and Gentlemen, we have asked  you to gather here to help us proclaim  our right to be treated as equal  citizens of the Empire. We do not seek conflict. We know the  strength of the forces arrayed against  us, know that because of them we can  only use peaceful means -- but we  are determined that justice will be  done! The symbol of our status is embodied  in this pass -- which we must carry  at all times, but no European even  has to have. And the first step to changing our  status is to eliminate this difference  between us. You write brilliantly, but you have  much to learn about handling men. We do not want to ignite... the fear  or hatred of anyone. But we ask you --  Hindu, Muslim and Sikh -- to help us  light up the sky... and the minds of  the British authorities -- with our  defiance of this injustice. We will now burn the passes of our  committee and its supporters. We ask  you to put your passes on the fire  with -- Oh, no, you bloody well don't! Those passes are government property!  And I will arrest the first man who  tries to burn one! Take him away! Now -- are there any more?! You little sammy bastard -- I -- You want that kind of trouble -- you  can have it! Stop! You saved the papers. I hated that -- all the pettiness,  the little corruptions. And I was more laughing stock than  lawyer. But they needed me here. If I'd never  been thrown off that train, perhaps  no one would ever have needed me. "A high court judge has confirmed  that Mr. Gandhi would have been within  his rights to prosecute for assault  since neither he nor Mr. Khan resisted  arrest." -- I told you about English  law. Yes? We are glad to have you back, Bapu. And I am glad to be back. Come... Tomorrow I will tell you what it  feels like to be a jailbird. Just like proper English gentlemen.  I'm proud of them. Hm. Will you take this off? It pinches every time I speak. Here, you see? Even the South African  papers apologize -- "a monstrous  attack." Yes -- I can't talk like this. Pull! Oww! If you would let me teach you to  read, you could see for yourself. It proves what I told you. If I had  prosecuted him as everyone advised --  even you -- they would have hated me --  by showing forgiveness I -- ouch! You see there is such a thing as  moral force -- and it can be  harnessed. I am. I am convinced the holy men  are right. When you give up, you  gain. The simpler your life the  better. I will fast tomorrow -- as a penance. The London papers have arrived from  the Cape, sir. Yes -- ? The worst was the Daily Mail, sir.  They said, "The burning of passes by  Mr. Gandhi was the most significant  act in colonial affairs since the  Declaration of Independence." Did they? Well, they'll find we're a  little better prepared this time.  Mr. Gandhi will find he's on a long  hiding to nothing. You'd be Gandhi -- ...I thought you'd be bigger. I'm sorry. I -- I mean it's all right. It doesn't  matter. I'm -- my name is Andrews, Charlie  Andrews. I've come from India --  I've read a great deal about you. Some of it good, I hope. Would you care to walk? You're a clergyman. Yes. I've -- I've met some very  remarkable people in India... and --  and when I read what you've been  doing here, I -- I wanted to help. Does that surprise you? Not anymore. At first I was amazed... but when  you are fighting in a just cause,  people seem to pop up -- like you --  right out of the pavement. Even when  it is dangerous or -- Hey -- look what's comin'! A white shepherd leading a brown  sammy! Perhaps I should -- Doesn't the New Testament say, "If  your enemy strikes you on the right  cheek, offer him the left"? I think perhaps the phrase was used  metaphorically... I don't think our  Lord meant -- I'm not so certain. I have thought  about it a great deal. I suspect he  meant you must show courage -- be  willing to take a blow -- several  blows -- to show you will not strike  back -- nor will you be turned  aside... And when -- ...and when you do that it calls  upon something in human nature --  something that makes his hate for  you diminish and his respect increase.  I think Christ grasped that and I --  I have seen it work. Good morning. Get off the pavement, you bloody -- Nuthing... nuthing. We were just  cleaning up the neighborhood a little. You'll find there's room for us both. That was lucky. I thought you were a man of God. I am. But I'm not so egotistical as  to think He plans His day around my  dilemmas. ...you could call it a "communal  farm," I suppose. But we've all come  to the same conclusion -- our Gita,  the Muslim's Koran or your Bible --  it's always the simple things that  catch your breath -- "Love thy  neighbor as thyself" -- not always practiced -- but it's  something we Hindus could learn a  lot from. That's the sort of thing you'll be  seeking on this "farm"... Well, we shall try. Just one second, sir, please. But on a short trip, I wouldn't spend  too much time on the Indian question,  Mr. Walker. It's a tiny factor in  South African life. It's news at the moment. I will  certainly report on your mines and  the economy -- but I would like to  meet this Mr. Gandhi. Of course. We Westerners have a  weakness for these -- these  spiritually inclined men of India.  But as an old lawyer, let me warn  you, Mr. Gandhi is as shrewd a man  as you will ever meet, however  "otherworldly" he may seem. But I'm  sure you're enough of a reporter to  see that. ...so it's not "spiritualism" or  "nationalism" -- we're not against  anything but the idea that people  can't live together. You see -- Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs,  Jews -- even Christians. Mr. Walker! Of The New York Times! Without a paper -- a journal of some  kind -- you cannot unite a community. You belong to a very important  profession. Hm. And what should an "important  professional" write about your  response to General Smuts's new  legislation? I don't know... I'm still searching  for a "response." You will respect the law. There are unjust laws -- as there  are unjust men. You're a very small minority to take  on the Government -- and the Empire. If you are a minority of one, the  truth is the truth. This is Mr. Kallenbach. He is our  chief carpenter -- and also our chief  benefactor. He has made this  experiment possible. Well, it's quite a place, your  "ashram" -- is that right? That's right. The word only means  "community." But it could stand for  "village"... or the world. You're an ambitious man. I hope not. They tell me you also take your turn  at peeling potatoes and cleaning the  "outhouse" -- is that part of the  experiment? Ba -- we will need another place set  for Mr. Walker's driver. It's one way to learn that each man's  labor is as important as another's.  In fact when you're doing it,  "cleaning the outhouse" seems far  more important than the law. Please come and join us -- you'll  need something before your journey  back. Excuse me a moment. What is it? Everyone takes his turn. In this place there are no  untouchables -- and no work is beneath  any of us! All the more reason. It's not me. It's the principle. And  you will do it with joy or not do it  at all! All right, go! You don't belong here!  Go! Leave the ashram! Get out  altogether! We don't want you! What is the matter with me...? I apologize... I must go back to that reporter. I want to welcome you all! Every one of you. We -- have -- no -- secrets. Let us begin by being clear about  General Smuts's new law. All Indians  must now be fingerprinted -- like  criminals. Men and women. No marriage other than a Christian  marriage is considered valid. Under  this Act our wives and mothers are  whores... And every man here a  bastard. He's become quite good at this. And a policeman passing an Indian  dwelling -- I will not call them  homes -- may enter and demand the  card or any Indian woman whose  dwelling it is. God damn them! Understand! He does not have to stand  at the door -- he may enter. I swear to Allah I will kill the man  who offers that insult to my home  and my wife! And let them hang me! I say talk means nothing. Kill a few  officials before they disgrace one  Indian woman -- then they might think  twice about such laws! In that cause, I would be willing to  die! I praise such courage. I need such  courage -- because in this cause, I  too am prepared to die... But, my friend, there is no cause  for which I am prepared to kill. I have asked you here tonight because  despite all their troops and police,  I think there is a way to defeat  this law. Whatever they do to us we  will attack no one, kill no one...  But we will not give our fingerprints -- not one of  us. They will imprison us, they will  fine us. They will seize our  possessions. But they cannot take  away our self-respect if we do not  give it to them. Have you been to prison? They'll  beat us and torture us! I say -- I am asking you to fight -- ! To fight against their anger -- not  to provoke it! We will not strike a blow -- but we  will receive them. And through our  pain we will make them see their  injustice and it will hurt, as all fighting  hurts! ...But we cannot lose. We cannot. Because they may torture my body,  may break my bones, even kill me... They will then have my dead body --  not my obedience. We are Hindu and Muslim -- children  of God, each of us. Let us take a  solemn oath in His name that -- come  what may -- we will not submit to  this law. God save our gracious King... Long  live our ...noble King. God save the King!! These men are contracted laborers.  They belong in the mines. You have put their comrades in jail.  When you free them they will go back  to work. I've warned you. We have warned each other. I don't think that is very good. At the canter -- for-ward! Lie down! Lie down! You're right! Lie down! Lie down! Follow me! What the hell are we supposed to do  now? Let them march... In our own sweet  time, in our own sweet way -- we'll  get them. Some of you may be rejoicing that  Mr. Gandhi has at last been put into  prison. But I would ask you -- assembled  here in this house of God -- to  recognize that we are witnessing  something new, something so  unexpected, so unusual that it is  not surprising the Government is at  a loss. What Mr. Gandhi has forced  us to do is ask questions about  ourselves. As Christians, those are difficult  questions to answer. How do we treat  men who defy an unjust law -- men  who will not fight, but will not  comply? They're sparing no one, I see. No. You were the surprise. It's been  all over the prison. We thought they'd  be too afraid of the English press. So did I. Don't worry about the meat -- it's  Hindu -- there's not a trace. I don't know who they've left out  there to do the work. There can't be  one mine left open. Have they touched  the women? My wife publicly defied the law.  They've arrested her and four others. The fools! Sorry... It's split the Government. Well, that's one victory. If we hold firm, it won't be the  last. Don't worry -- I've never seen men  so determined. You've given them a  way to fight... And I don't think -- Gandhi! I want Gandhi! Which sammy  is it? Ah, Mr. Gandhi. I thought we might  have a little talk. Will you have a glass of sherry? Thank you. No. Perhaps some tea? I dined at the prison. Ahh. Please -- please do come and sit  down. It's prison I wanted to talk  to you about. Mr. Gandhi, I've more or less decided  to ask the House to repeal the Act  that you have taken such "exception"  to. Well, if you ask, General Smuts, I'm  sure it will be done. Hm. Of course it is not quite that  simple. Somehow I expected not. I'm glad to hear you say that...  very glad. You see if we repeal the  Act under pressure under this kind of pressure it will  create a great deal of resentment.  Can you understand that? Very well. Good. Good. I have thought of calling for a Royal  Commission to "investigate" the new  legislation. I think I could guarantee they would  recommend the Act be repealed. I congratulate them. But they might also recommend that  future Indian immigration be severely  restricted -- even stopped. Immigration was not an issue on which  we fought. It would be wrong of us  to make it one now that we -- we are  in a position of advantage. You're an extraordinary man. I assure you I feel a very ordinary  man at this moment. I'm ordering the release of all  prisoners within the next twenty- four hours. You yourself are free  from this moment. Assuming we are in agreement? Yes -- yes. It's just that... in  these clothes I'd -- I'd prefer to  go by taxi. All right. Fine. I'm -- I'm afraid I have no money. Oh! Neither have I. I'm awfully sorry. Daniels, would you lend Mr. Gandhi a  shilling for a taxi? I beg your pardon, sir? How far will you be going, Mr. Gandhi? Well -- now that this is settled --  I had thought seriously of going  back to India but a shilling will do splendidly  for the moment. Thank you. Thank you both for a very enlightening  experience. I'm obliged, Mr. Daniels, but I will  find my own way out. He's either a great man or a colossal  fraud... Either way, I shall be glad  to see the last of him. By God, he loves it... I'm sure he hates it. Generals' reputations are being made  in France today, fighting on the  Western Front. Not as Military  Governors in India. What the devil's going on back there? It must be that Indian that made all  that fuss back in Africa. My cabin  boy told me he was on board. Why haven't we seen him? Gandhi? Yes. That's it. He was traveling  Third Class. There he is. God -- he's dressed like a coolie! I  thought he was a lawyer. After he came out of jail he refused  to wear European clothes. No, no, I haven't "refused"... I --  I simply wanted to dress the way my  comrades in prison dressed. Will you support the war effort, Mr.  Gandhi? I -- I have demanded rights as a  British citizen, it is therefore my  duty to help in the defense of the  British Empire. What are you going to do now that  you're back in India? I don't know... I don't know... As an Indian woman how could you  accept the indignity of prison? Please, Mr. Gandhi. Just a few words -- then we'll get  you to civilization. I -- I am glad to be home. I -- I thank you for your greeting. We'll follow with your wife -- don't  worry, everything's arranged. Who is that young man? That's young Nehru. He's got his  father's intellect, his mother's  looks and the devil's charm. If they  don't ruin him at Cambridge -- Wave!  Wave! -- he may amount to something. I must say when I first saw you as a  bumbling lawyer here in Bombay I  never thought I'd be greeting you as  a national hero. I'm hardly that, Mr. Patel. Oh, yes, you are. It's been two  hundred years since an Indian has  cocked a snoot at the British Empire  and got away with it. And stop calling  me Mr. Patel, you're not a junior  clerk anymore. No. The new Military Governor of the  North West Province was on that ship.  Too bad you came back Third Class --  he might have been impressed by a  successful barrister who had  outmaneuvered General Smuts. Yes... I'm sure... Mr. Jinnah, our joint host, member  of Congress, and the leader of the  Muslim League and Mr. Prakash, who I  fear is awaiting trial for sedition  and inducement to murder. I have not actually pulled a trigger,  Mr. Gandhi, I have simply written  that if an Englishman kills an Indian  for disobeying his law, then it is  an Indian's duty to kill an Englishman  for enforcing his law in a land that  is not his. It is a clever argument; I am not  sure it will produce the end you  desire. We hope you intend to join us in the  struggle for Home Rule, Mr. Gandhi. May I? Mohan -- I would like you to  meet someone. He told the press he would support  the British in the war. That's non-violence for you. Is he a fool? I'm not certain... But I wouldn't be  surprised. I lied to you, Mohan, when I told  you I decided to come to South Africa  to meet you. Professor Gokhale sent  me. I have much to learn about India.  And I have to begin my practice again --  one needs money to run a journal. All right -- I'll go and write my  report to the Viceroy. I have little to say. India is an  "alien" country to me. Clear the way! Get out of the way! I ask you to pray for those who died. For the English soldiers... who were doing what they thought was  right. And for the brave terrorists whose  patriotism led them to do what was  wrong. It is not my law, it is the law of  creation. We reap what we sow. Out  there in the fields -- and in our  hearts. Violence sows hatred, and  the will to revenge. In them. And in  us. I agree with Jinnah. Now that the  Americans are in, the war will end  soon. The Germans are worn out as it  is... and our first act should be to convene  a Congress Party convention and demand  independence. And we must speak with one voice --  united. Ah -- we should invite Gandhi. What  the devil has happened to him anyway? He's "discovering" India. Which is a lot better than causing  trouble where it matters. Invite him --  let him say his piece about South  Africa -- and then let him slip into  oblivion. There's no room! And the air is  lovely. No violence, please. Let me hang on with two hands or I  will fall. Englishman Sahib! Come! Come! There is room! Place the foot on the window. What are you doing? Going nearer to God! Mohan -- !! Let go! You'll kill him! Let go! Let go! You see -- most comfortable. Are you Christian, Sahib? Yes, yes, I'm a Christian. I know a Christian. She drinks blood. The blood of Christ -- every Sunday! Charlie!! It's all right, Sahib! Very safe --  bend -- bend! We were asked for toleration. We  were asked for patience. Some gave  it and some did not. Well, their war  is over! And those of us who supported  it, and those of us who refused must  forget our differences! And there can be no excuses from the  British now! India wants Home Rule!  India demands Home Rule!! And let no one question that Mr.  Jinnah speaks not just for the Muslims --  but for all India! And now I'm going to introduce to  you a man whose writings we are all  becoming familiar with... a man who  stood high in the esteem of our  beloved Professor Gokhale... a man  whose accomplishment in South Africa  will always be remembered. Mr.  Mohandas Gandhi. Your journal has made a great impact. I am flattered by Mr. Patel I would be even more flattered if  what he said were true. But it's true! I -- I read it...  often. Since I returned from South Africa,  I have traveled over much of India.  And I know I could travel many more  years and still only see a small  part of it. ...and yet already I know what we  say here means nothing to the masses  of our country. Here we make speeches for each other --  and those English liberal magazines  that may grant us a few lines. But the people of India are untouched.  Their politics are confined to bread  and salt. Illiterate they may be, but they are  not blind. They see no reason to  give their loyalty to rich and  powerful men who simply want to take  over the role of the British in the  name of freedom. This Congress tells the world it  represents India. My brothers, India  is seven hundred thousand "villages"  not a few hundred lawyers in Delhi  and Bombay. Until we stand in the  fields with the millions who toil  each day under the hot sun, we will  not represent India -- nor will we  ever be able to challenge the British  as one nation. Have you read his magazine? No -- but I think I'm going to. This can't be the way! Yes, I'm sure this is the direction  India is taking. To think I almost got excited by Mr.  Jinnah when all this was awaiting  me. We're looking for Mr. Gandhi! Ah, you'll find him under the tree  by the river. You'd better leave the car -- the  ground is rather soft. Thank you . . . Come on! I'm anxious to meet this  new "force"! I try to live like an Indian, as you  see... it is stupid of course, because  in our country it is the British who  decide how an Indian lives -- what  he may buy, what he may sell. And  from their luxury in the midst of  our terrible poverty they instruct  us on what is justice and what is  sedition. So it is only natural that our best  young minds assume an air of Eastern  dignity, while greedily assimilating  every Western weakness as quickly as  they can acquire it. If we have Home Rule that will change. Would you, please? And why should the English grant us  Home Rule? Here, we must take the  peelings to the goats. We only make wild speeches, or perform  even wilder acts of terrorism. We've  bred an army of anarchists but not  one single group that can really  fight the British anywhere. I thought you were against fighting. Just spread it around -- they like  the new peelings mixed with the  rotting ones. Where there is injustice, I've always  believed in fighting. The question is do you fight to change  things, or do you fight to punish. For myself, I have found that we are  all such sinners we should leave  punishment to God. And if we really  want to change things there are better  ways of doing it than by derailing  trains or slashing someone with a  sword. You see, even here we live under  tyranny. I told you... Hm... but look at him. Some "fighter"!  I can see the British shaking now. I am looking for Mr. Gandhi... ...I've wanted to speak to you for a  long time. ...our crops... we can't sell them...  We have no money... but the landlords  take the same rent. Clear the way there! Get out of the  way! Sir! Up here! Give me a leg up, will you! What the hell is it, Sergeant? Jesus...! What the hell is going on? I don't know, sir. The agent says  they got a telegram and it just said,  he is coming... and gave the time of  the train. Who the hell is he? I don't know, sir. Who the devil are you? My name is Gandhi. Mohandas K. Gandhi. Well, whoever you are, we don't want  you here. I suggest you get back on  that train before it leaves the  station. They seem to want me. Now look here. I'll put you under  arrest if you'd prefer? On what charge? I don't want any trouble. I am an Indian traveling in my own  country. I see no reason for trouble. Well, there'd better not be. I understand. The landlords are British? What we can do... we will try to do. Is all Champaran like this, Shukla? Yes, Bapu... The whole province... hundreds --  thousands. Are you Mr. M. K. Gandhi? Yes. I'm sorry but you are under arrest. I am not sorry at all. Who did you say would be buying the  drinks? Oh, no -- ...I've got no idea. All I know is  there's a riot or something at  Motihari in Champaran, and the whole  company is ordered out. It's two days' march! That's why the match is off. It's  mostly Muslim territory and the old  man's taking no chances. God, and it's the best innings I've  had since Oxford. India's full of grief, old man. I wish to see the prisoner, please. All right, Sergeant. Charlie-- ...Shades of South Africa. Not quite. They're only "holding me"  until the Magistrate's hearing. Then  it will be prison. Did they take your clothes? These are my clothes now. You always had a puritanical streak,  Mohan. If I want to be one with them, I  have to live like them. I think you do. But I thank God we all don't. I'm sure your legs are quite as  handsome as mine. Ah, but my puritanism runs the another  way. I'm far too modest for such a  display. Couldn't I be let in with the  prisoner? I am a clergyman. They're calling you "Bapu." I thought  it meant father. It does. We must be getting old,  Charlie. What do you want me to do? I think, Charlie, that you can help  us most by taking that assignment  you've been offered in Fiji. I have to be sure -- they have to be  sure -- that what we do can be done  by Indians... alone. But you know the strategy. The world  is full of people who will despise  what's happening here. It is their  strength we need. Before you go, you  could start us in the right direction. I must leave from Calcutta, and soon.  You'll have to say goodbye to Ba for  me. When I get the chance. Well, I -- There are no goodbyes for us, Charlie.  Wherever you are, you will always be  in my heart... I am going to clear the courtroom. I'm not sure we'd be able to. And it  is a first hearing, it's supposed to  be public. And he's a lawyer. I don't know where they found the  nerve for all this. I'm sure I don't either, but the  troops won't be here until tomorrow. How the press get here before the  military? That English clergyman sent a number  of telegrams yesterday afternoon. I  understand one of them even went to  the Viceroy. You have been ordered out of the  province on the grounds of disturbing  the peace. With respect, I refuse to go. Do you want to go to jail? As you wish. All right. I will release you on  bail of one hundred rupees until I  reach a sentence. I refuse to pay one hundred rupees. Then I -- I will grant release without  bail -- until I reach a decision. Gandhiji! -- Gandhiji! Mr. Gandhi! Gandhiji -- we are from Bihar. We  received a cable this morning from  an old friend who was at Cambridge  with us. His name is Nehru and I believe you  know him. Indeed. He tells us you need help. And we  have come to give it. I want to document, coldly,  rationally, what is being done here.  It may take months -- many, many  months. We have no pressing engagements. You will have to live with the  peasants. I have nothing to pay you. Hmm. I don't know what this country is  coming to! But good God, man, you yourself raised  the rent simply to finance a hunting  expedition! And some of these others -- beatings, illegal seizures, demanding  services without pay, even refusing  them water! In India!... Nobody knows what it is to try to  get these people to work! Well, you've make this half-naked  whatever-he-is into an international  hero. "One lone man marching dusty roads  armed only with honesty and a bamboo  shaft doing battle with the British  Empire." At home children are writing "essays"  about him. I couldn't take another two years of  him to save my life. What do they want? A rebate on rents paid. They are to be free to grow crops of  their own choice. A commission --  part Indian -- to hear grievances. That would satisfy him?... And His Majesty's Government. It  only needs your signature for the  landlords. It will be worth it to see the back  of him. We're too damn liberal. Perhaps. But at least all this has  made the Government see some sense  about what men like Mr. Gandhi should  be allowed, and what they should be  denied. Things are going to change. Where is Mr. Gandhi? He said he preferred to walk, sir. I  followed him most of the way. He's  just turned the corner. The Prophet give me patience. He came Third Class. My house is honored. The honor is ours. May I introduce  Mr. Kallenbach. He's an old friend and his interest is in flowers. I  presumed to tell him he could wander  your gardens while we talked. I'll send my gardener. I'm sure you'll  have much to discuss. Gentlemen -- the hero of Champaran. Only the stubborn man of Champaran. Mr. Patel you know. Mr. Maulana Azad -- a fellow Muslim...  recently released from prison. Mr. Kripalani. And of course you know Mr. Nehru. I am beginning to know Mr. Nehru. Well, I've called you here because  I've had a chance to see the new  legislation. It's exactly what was  rumored. Arrest without warrant.  Automatic imprisonment for possession  of materials considered seditious... Your writings are specifically listed. There is only one answer to that.  Direct action -- on a scale they can  never handle! I don't think so. Terrorism would only justify their  repression. And what kinds of leaders  would it throw up? Are they likely  to be the men we would want at the  head of our country? I've been catching up on my reading. I too have read Mr. Gandhi's writings,  but I'd rather be ruled by an Indian  terrorist than an English one. And I  don't want to submit to that kind of  law. I must say, Panditji, it seems to me  it's gone beyond remedies like passive  resistance. If I may -- I, for one, have never  advocated passive anything. I am with Mr. Jinnah. We must never  submit to such laws -- ever. And I  think our resistance must be active  and provocative. I want to embarrass all those who  wish to treat us as slaves. All of  them. Forgive my stupid illustration. But  I want to change their minds -- not  kill them for weaknesses we all  possess. And what "resistance" would you offer? The law is due to take effect from  April sixth. I want to call on the  nation to make that a day of prayer  and fasting. You mean a general strike? I mean a day of prayer and fasting.  But of course no work could be done --  no buses, no trains, no factories,  no administration. The country would  stop. My God, it would terrify them... Three hundred fifty million people  at prayer. Even the English newspapers  would have to report that. And explain  why. Champaran stirred the whole country. They are calling you Mahatma -- the  Great Soul. Fortunately such news comes very  slowly where I live. I think if we all worked to publicize  it... all of the Congress... every  avenue we know. Perhaps I should have stayed in the  garden and talked about the flowers. Sir -- it's Mr. Kinnoch. Bapu... You too... It seems less formal than "Mahatma." Since your arrest the riots have  hardly stopped. Not big --; but they  keep breaking out. I run to stop  them... and Patel and Kripalani --  they are never at rest. But some  English civilians have been killed,  and the Army is attacking crowds  with clubs -- and sometimes worse. Maybe I'm wrong... maybe we're not  ready yet. In South Africa the numbers  were small... The Government's afraid, and they  don't know what to do. But they're  more afraid of terrorists than of  you. The Viceroy has agreed to your  release if you will speak for non- violence. I've never spoken for anything else. ...England is so powerful -- its  army and its navy, all its modern  weapons -- but when a great power  like that strikes defenseless people  it shows it brutality, its own  weakness! Especially when those people  do not strike back. That is why the Mahatma begs us to  take the course of non-violence! ...If we riot, if we fight back, we  become the vandals and they become  the law! If we bear their blows,  they are the vandals -- God and His  law are on our... side. ...We must have the courage to take  their anger... Port arms, Sergeant Major. Load. ...Our pain will be our victory. Do we issue a warning, sir? They've had their warning -- no  meetings. Sergeant Major -- Take aim! Fire! Reload! Take your time. Take your time. Corporal! Sir! Over there. Sir. General Dyer, is it correct that you  ordered your troops to fire at the  thickest part of the crowd? That is so. One thousand five hundred and sixteen  casualties with one thousand six  hundred and fifty bullets. My intention was to inflict a lesson  that would have an impact throughout  all India. General, had you been able to take  in the armored car, would you have  opened fire with the machine gun? I think, probably -- yes. General, did you realize there were  children -- and women -- in the crowd? I did. But that was irrelevant to the point  you were making? That is correct. Could I ask you what provision you  made for the wounded? I was ready to help any who applied. General... how does a child shot  with a 3-0-3 Enfield "apply" for  help? If you will excuse me, Your  Excellency, it is our view that  matters have gone beyond  "legislation." We think it is time you recognized  that you are masters in someone else's  home. Despite the best intentions of the  best of you, you must, in the nature  of things, humiliate us to control  us. General Dyer is but an extreme  example of the principle. It is time  you left. Mr. Kinnoch, I beg you to accept  that there is no people on earth who  would not prefer their own bad  government to the "good" government  of an alien power. My dear sir -- India is British!  We're hardly an alien power! All nations contain religious  minorities. Like other countries,  ours will have its problems. But they will be ours -- not yours. And how do you propose to make them  yours? You don't think we're just  going to walk out of India. Yes... in the end you will walk out.  Because one hundred thousand  Englishmen simply cannot control  three hundred fifty million Indians  if the Indians refuse to co-operate.  And that is what we intend to achieve --  peaceful, non-violent, non-co- operation. Until you yourself see the wisdom of  leaving... your Excellency. "You don't just expect us to walk  out?" "Yes." Extraordinary little man! "Nonviolent,  non-co-operation" -- for a moment I  almost thought they were actually  going to do something. My message tonight is the message I  have given to your brothers  everywhere. To gain independence we  must prove worthy of it. There must be Hindu-Muslim unity --  always. Secondly, no Indian must be treated  as the English treat us so we must  remove untouchability from our lives,  and from our hearts. Third -- we must defy the British. Not with violence that will inflame  their will, but with firmness that  will open their eyes. English factories make the cloth --  that makes our poverty. All those who wish to make the English  see, bring me the cloth from  Manchester and Leeds that you wear  tonight, and we will light a fire  that will be seen in Delhi -- and  London! And if, like me, you are left with  only one piece of homespun -- wear  it with dignity! Excuse me -- just let me get out of  your way, please. No, thank you, I'll manage. Ah, Herman! No, no -- don't destroy my good  intentions. I'm feeling guilty about  traveling Second Class. Ah, in that case! Maulana is made of sterner stuff.  Our trains met in Bombay, but he's  back there in that lot somewhere. When I think what our "beloved  Mahatma" asks, I don't know how he  ever got such a hold over us. Is he  back? It was a Hindu child and it tried to  wet on me. Of course. A Muslim beef eater --  I'm only surprised he missed. He was a she. Ah, that explains it. Well, do I carry your luggage as  penance or -- And what does the daughter of an  English admiral propose to do in an  ashram -- sink us? From the looks of the luggage, yes. The irresponsible young Nehru is in  prison -- again. Though there is a  rumor that under pressure from your  country, they will let him out --  again. Well, in this country one must decide  if one is more afraid of the  government or Gandhi. For us, it's Gandhi. Eleven. Sardar... What you've done is a miracle. You  have made all India proud. It must have been the only Non-violent  campaign ever led by a man who wanted  to kill everybody every day. Not true! The secret is mastering the urge. He came Second Class. Well, we can't expect miracles all  the time. Your news I understand is not so  good. No. Come, come -- you will be my  daughter... ...but then some rioting broke out  between Hindus and Muslims -- violent,  terrible... Whether it was provoked... But it gave them an excuse to impose  martial law throughout Bengal. Some of the things the military have  done... Is the campaign weakening? The marches and protests are bigger  if anything but with the censorship  here they know more in England than we  do, and it saps the courage to think  you may be suffering alone. They are not alone. And martial law  only shows how desperate the British  are. Is that homespun? Or cotton from  Leeds? What do the workers in England make  of what we're doing? It must have  produced hardship. Good. Ba will have to teach you to spin  too. First spin. Let the others march for  a time. I'll stuff your damn mouth with it! Leave him alone -- he wasn't harming  you! Hey -- That's one bit of news they haven't  censored. Oh, it's all over the world... India's "non-violence." What can we do? We must end the campaign. After what they did at the massacre --  it's only an eye for an eye. An eye for an eye only ends up making  the whole world blind. We must stop. Gandhiji -- do you know the sacrifices  people have made? We would never get the same commitment  again -- ever. If we obtain our freedom by murder  and bloodshed I want no part of it. It was one incident. Tell that to the families of the  policemen who died. Bapu -- the whole nation is marching.  They wouldn't stop, even if we asked  them to. I will ask. And I will fast as penance  for my part in arousing such emotions --  and I will not stop until they stop. God! You can be sure the British  won't censor that! They'll put it on  every street corner. But -- but Gandhiji people are  aroused... they won't stop. If I die, perhaps they will... When it is everywhere, then my prayers  will be answered. Do you find me stubborn? When I despair, I remember that all  through history the way of truth and  love has always won. There have been tyrants and murderers,  and for a time they can seem  invincible. But in the end they always  fall. Think of it -- always... When  you are in doubt that that is God's  way, the way the world is meant to  be... think of that. And then -- try to do it His way. And now -- could I have another feast  of lemon juice? Jinnah, Patel, all of Congress has  called for the end of non-co- operation. There's not been one  demonstration. All over India people  are praying that you will end the  fast. They're walking in the streets,  offering garlands to the police --  and to British soldiers. Perhaps -- perhaps I have overdone  it. Good morning, Bapu! Good morning. Don't let her go. If she bumps me I  am done for. Don't worry. I milk her every day,  she's not -- Sedition. You can't be serious! This man has  just stopped a revolution! That's as may be. I only know what I  am charged to perform. I don't believe it -- even the British  can't be that stupid! Panditji -- please, help me. You must help Herman -- and Ba. I have been on many trips -- it is  just another trip. I am at your command. If there is one protest -- one riot --  a disgrace of any kind, I will fast  again. I know India is not ready for my  kind of independence. If I am sent  to jail, perhaps that is the best  protest our country can make at this  time. And if it helps India, I have  never refused to take His Majesty's  hospitality. Call the prisoner to the bar. ..."Non-co-operation has one aim:  the overthrow of the Government.  Sedition must become our creed. We  must give no quarter, nor can we  expect any." Signed M. K. Gandhi, in your journal  Young India, dated twenty-second  March of this year. Do you deny  writing it? Not at all. And I will save the Court's time,  M'Lord, by stating under oath that  to this day I believe non-co-operation  with evil is a duty. And that British  rule of India is evil. The Prosecution rests, M'Lord. I take it you will conduct your own  defense, Mr. Gandhi. I have no defense, My Lord. I am  guilty as charged. And if you truly believe in the system  of law you administer in my country,  you must inflict on me the severest  penalty possible. It is impossible for me to ignore  that you are in a different category  from any person I have ever tried,  or am likely to try. It is nevertheless my duty to sentence  you -- to six years' imprisonment. If however His Majesty's Government  could -- at some later date -- see  fit to reduce that term, no one would  be better pleased than I. Well, he certainly wasn't forgotten!  And as soon as he got out he was  back tramping the country, preaching  non-violence and demanding a free  India. Everybody knows another  showdown's coming -- but when, and  over what -- Well, I read you account of that  crowd in Calcutta and that he was  twisting the Lion's tail again... ...and I knew something had to give.  And I was determined to be here when  it did. How does a reporter in Central America  learn that Gandhi was born in  Porbandar anyway? Oh, I've been a Gandhi buff for a  long time. He certainly makes good copy. The other day Winston Churchill called  him "that half-naked Indian fakir." I met him once. You mean Gandhi? Back in South Africa... long time ago. What was he like? Lots of hair... and a little like a  college freshman -- trying to figure  everything out. Well, he must've found some of the  answers... "Take a fourth step, that we may be  ever full of joy." "Take a fifth step, that we may serve  the people." "Take a sixth step, that we may follow  our vows in life." "Take the seventh step, that we may  ever live as friends." Then I put a sweetened wheat cake in  her mouth. And with that we were pronounced man  and wife. We were both thirteen... It's beautiful. Even as a boy I thought so. Trying to keep track of you is making  me change all my sleeping habits. And you've come all this way because  you think something is going to  happen? Hm. Is it? Perhaps. I've come here to think  about it. Do you remember much of South Africa? A great deal. I've traveled so far -- and thought  so much. As you can see, my city was a sea  city -- always filled with Hindus  and Muslims and Sikhs and Jews and  Persians. The temple where you were yesterday  is of my family's sect, the Pranami.  It was Hindu of course but the priests  used to read from the Muslim Koran  and the Hindu Gita, moving from one  to the other as though it mattered  not at all which book was read as  long as God was worshipped. When I was a boy I used to sing a  song in that temple: "A true disciple  knows another's woes as his own. He  bows to all and despises none...  Earthly possessions hold him not."  Like all boys I said the words, not  thinking of what they meant or how  they might be influencing me. I've traveled so far... and all I've  done is come back home. You know what you're going to do. It would have been very uncivil of  me to let you make such a long trip  for nothing. Where are you going? I'm going back to the ashram and then I'm going to prove to the  new Viceroy that the King's writ no  longer runs in India! Salt? Yes, sir. He is going to march to  the sea and make salt. There is a Royal Monopoly on the  manufacture of salt, sir. It's illegal  to make it or sell it without a  Government license. All right -- he's breaking the law.  What will he be depriving us of, two  rupees of salt tax? It's not a serious attack on the  revenue, sir. Its primary importance  is symbolic. Don't patronize me, Charles. No, sir. I -- in this climate, sir,  nothing lives without water -- or  salt. Our absolute control of it is  a control on the pulse of India. And that's the basis of this  "Declaration of Independence"? Yes, sir. The day he sets off everyone  is supposed to raise the flag of  "Free India." Then he walks some two  hundred and forty miles to the sea  and makes salt. I say ignore it. Let them raise their  damn flags, let him make his salt.  It's only symbolic if we choose to  make it so. He's going to arrive at the sea on  the anniversary of the massacre at  Amritsar. General Edgar is right -- ignore it.  Mr. Gandhi will find it's going to  take a great deal more than a pinch  of salt to bring down the British  Empire. ...the real test will come if I am  arrested. If there is violence we  lose all our moral advantage. This  time it mustn't happen. We're not beginners anymore. We've  been trained by a strict sergeant  major. If I'm taken, Maulana is to lead the  march. If he is arrested, Patel,  then Kripalani, then yourself. I'm sure I'm fit for at least five  hundred miles. I have two of them bossing me now. We must get these to the printer. I know it will succeed. Even my mother  is prepared to march. And Jinnah? He's waiting. He's not prepared to  accept it will mean as much as you  think. Wait and see... wait and see... You've done me a great service. It would have been uncivil of me to  have let you make such a long trip  for nothing. Is it over if they arrest you now? Not if they arrest me -- or a thousand --  or ten thousand. It is not only generals who know how  to plan campaigns. What if they don't arrest you? What  if they don't react at all? Do you still have your notebook? The function of a civil resister is  to provoke response. And we will  continue to provoke until they  respond, or they change the law.  They are not in control -- we are.  That is the strength of civil  resistance. What'd he say? He said he's in charge... Are you going to walk all the way? My name is Walk-er. And I intend to  report it the way it is. "My name is Walk-er"... We've come to join the march. What  do we do? Be sure you're awake in the morning. Find a place to sleep. They're making it everywhere, sir --  mobs of them -- publicly. Congress  leaders are selling it on the streets  of Delhi. We're being made fools of around the  world! Isn't there any instruction from  London? We're required to stop it. And stop it we will. I don't care if we fill the jails,  stop it. Arrest anyone, any rank --  except Gandhi. We'll cut his strength  from under him. And then we'll deal  with the Mahatma. Oh, my God! No violence, Zia! ...no violence. You're Nehru -- I'm an illegal trader in salt. ...There's been no time to keep  figures, but there must be ninety --  a hundred thousand under arrest. And it still goes on. Who's leading them? I don't know! Nehru, Patel, almost  every Congress Official is in jail...  and their wives and their children --  we've even arrested Nehru's mother. Has there been any violence? Oh, in Karachi the police fired on a  crowd and killed a couple of people  and -- and in Peshawar the Deputy Police  Commissioner lost his head and...  and opened fire with a machine gun. But he's facing a disciplinary court!  You can't expect things like that  not to happen when -- I believe the question was intended  to discover if there was any violence  of their side. Oh, no, sir -- no, I'm afraid not. Perhaps if we arrested Gandhi, it  might -- He's addressed this letter directly  to you, has he? Yes, sir, he has. The usual -- India's  salt belongs to India -- but then he  says flatly that he personally is  going to lead a raid tomorrow on the  Dharasana Salt Works. Thank him for his letter, and put  him in jail. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. It will be my  pleasure. And Fields, keep that salt works  open. Yes, sir! I would like admission to the Works. I am sorry, sir. That cannot be  allowed. Last night they took Gandhiji from  us. They expect us to lose heart or  to fight back. We will not lose heart,  we will not fight back. In his name  we will be beaten. As he has taught  us, we will not raise a hand. "Long  live Mahatma Gandhi!" Now! Hello! Ed! Ed! Goddammit, don't cut  me off! Ed! Okay -- yeah -- right. "They walked, with heads up, without  music, or cheering, or any hope of  escape from injury or death." "It went on and on and on. Women  carried the wounded bodies from the  ditch until they dropped from  exhaustion. But still it went on." "Whatever moral ascendance the West  held was lost today. India is free  for she has taken all that steel and  cruelty can give, and she has neither  cringed nor retreated." "In the words of his followers, 'Long  live Mahatma Gandhi.' " I am aware that I must have given  you much cause for irritation, your  Excellency. I hope it will not stand  between us as men. Mr. Gandhi, I have instructions to  request your attendance at an All- Government Conference in London to  discuss -- to discuss the possible  Independence of India. I think our first duty is to recognize  that there is not one India, but  several: a Hindu India, a Muslim  India, and India of Princely States.  And all these must be respected --  and cared for -- not just one. Do I speak into that? Are they ready? Do I start? I am glad to speak to America where  so many friends exist that I know  only in my heart. I think your interest and the world's  has fallen on India, not only because  we are struggling for freedom, but  because the way we are doing so is  unique as far as history shows us.  Here in Europe mighty nations are,  it seems, already contemplating  another war, though I think they,  and all the world, are sick to death  of bloodspilling. All of us are  seeking a way out, and I flatter  myself that perhaps the ancient land  of India will offer such a way. If  we are to make progress we must not  repeat history, but make history.  And I myself will die before I betray  our belief that love is a stronger  weapon than hate. It is only a sprain. Take her to the  river, and we'll make a mud-pack for  her. Go -- I won't be long. So the truth is, after all your  travels, all your efforts, they've  stopped the campaign and sent you  home empty-handed. They are only clinging to old dreams and trying to split us in the old  way. But the will has gone --  Independence will drop like a ripe  apple. The only question is when and how. I say when is now -- and we will  determine how. Precisely. They are preparing for war. I will  not support it, but I do not intend  to take advantage of their danger. That's when you take advantage. No. That is just another way of  striking back. We have come a long  way together with the British. When  they leave we want to see them off  as friends. And now, if you'll excuse me, there  is something I must attend to. "Mud packs." Mr. Gandhi -- sir. I have instructions to inquire as to  the subject of your speech tonight. The value of goat's milk in daily  diet. But you can be sure I will also speak  against war. I'm sorry, sir. That can't be allowed. It was the Aga Khan's palace, but  they've turned it into a prison. They've got most of the leading  Congress politicians in this one.  But Nehru and some others are over  in Dehra Dun. Your timing's pretty  lucky. They had your Mr. Gandhi cut  off from the press but last month  his personal secretary died and  they've let up on the restrictions. Yes, I have heard of Life Magazine. I have even heard of Margaret Bourke- White. But I don't know why either  should be interested in an old man  sitting in prison when the world is  blowing itself to pieces. Ah, but for me that's not much of an  accomplishment. No -- prison is rather agreeable to  me, and there is no doubt that after  the war, independence will come. My  only worry is what shape it will  take. Jinnah has -- Jinnah has -- has cooperated with  the British. It has given him power  and the freedom to speak, and he has  filled the Muslims with fears of  what will happen to them in a country  that is predominantly Hindu. That I find hard to bear -- even in  prison. I have a friend who keeps telling me  how much it costs him to keep me in  poverty. But I know happiness does not come  with things -- even twentieth century  things. It can come from work, and  pride in what you do. It will not necessarily be "progress"  for India if she simply imports the  unhappiness of the West. Not without defeats -- and great  pain. But are there no defeats in this war --  no pain? What you cannot do is accept  injustice. From Hitler -- or anyone.  You must make the injustice visible --  be prepared to die like a soldier to  do so. No. That is what you get for  distracting me. I expect you to show as much patience  as I am now. Every enemy is a human being -- even  the worst of them. And he believes  he is right and you are a beast. And if you beat him over the head  you will only convince him. But you  suffer, to show him that he is wrong,  your sacrifice creates an atmosphere  of understanding -- if not with him,  then in the hearts of the rest of  the community on whom he depends. If you are right, you will win --  after much pain. If you are wrong, well, then, only  you will suffer the blows. I've got permission to move her --  he can go too. She's had a coronary throm -- a  serious heart failure. She wouldn't  survive a trip. It's best to leave  her -- and hope. It is time for my walk -- I won't be  long. We have come to crown victory with  friendship -- to assist at the birth  of an independent India and to welcome  her as an equal member in the British  Commonwealth of Nations. I am here to see that I am the last  British Viceroy ever to have the  honor of such a reception. I don't give a damn for the  independence of India! I am concerned  about the slavery of Muslims! I will not sit by to see the mastery  of the British replaced by the mastery  of the Hindus! Muslim and Hindu are the right and  left eye of India. No one will be  slave, no one master. The world is not made of Mahatma  Gandhis. I am talking about the real world. The "real India" has Muslims and  Hindus in every village and every  city! How do you propose to separate  them? Where there is a Muslim majority --  that will be Pakistan. The rest is  your India. Mohammed -- the Muslims are in a  majority on two different sides of  the country. Let us worry about Pakistan -- you  worry about India. Gentlemen, perhaps we should  recommence. Thank God, they've stopped. I'm your grand uncle but I can still  walk either of you into the ground  and I don't need to be pampered this  way! Finish your quota of spinning. What do you want me not to do? Not  to meet with Mr. Jinnah? I am a Muslim! And a Hindu, and a Christian and a  Jew -- and so are all of you. When  you wave those flags and shout you  send fear into the hearts of your  brothers. This is not the India I want. Stop  it. For God's sake, stop it. Now, please, if you've finished your  prayers, could we begin with business. My dear Jinnah, you and I are brothers  born of the same Mother India. If  you have fears, I want to put them  to rest. I am asking Panditji to stand down.  I want you to be the first Prime  Minister of India -- to name your entire cabinet, to  make the head of every government  department a Muslim. Bapu, for me, and the rest, if that is what you want, we will  accept it. But out there already there is rioting because  Hindus fear you are going to give  too much away. If you did this, no one could control  it. No one. It is your choice. Do you want an  independent India and an independent  Pakistan? Or do you want civil war? No. There just are not that many  troops. What's he to do? What he can! He was right. It's insane -- anything  would have been better. Have you found him? He's in Noakhali. He's tramping from village to village --  no police, no troops -- trying to  quell the madness single-handedly. Maulana has gone to bring him back. What you have done in Noakhali is a  miracle, Bapu, a miracle, but millions  are on the move -- millions. There  is no way to stop it... and no one  can count the dead. In Calcutta it's like civil war. The  Muslims rose and there was a  bloodbath, and now the Hindus are  taking revenge -- and if we can't  stop it there'll be no hope for the  Hindus left in Pakistan. ...an eye for an eye making the whole  world blind. Aren't there any troops to spare? Nothing -- nothing. The divisions in  Bombay and Delhi can hardly keep the  peace now. And each fresh bit of  news creates another wave of  mad...  ness. Could we cut all news off? I know -- Bapu -- please. Where are you going. I don't want to hear more... We need your help! There is nothing I can give. Where are you going? Calcutta. I am staying with the friend of a  friend. There he is! Because forgiveness is the gift of  the brave. To hell with you, Gandhi!! Go -- do as your mother and father  would wish you to do. I have lived a lifetime. If I had  shunned death -- or feared it -- I  would not be here. Nor would you be  concerned for me. Leave me -- and take your men. You have more important things to  worry about. And with you. Pray... I cannot help you -- pray...  pray. No! There will not be a Hindu Police  and a Muslim Police. There is one  police! Why must I read news like this in  the paper? Tell Patel. Arrange a plane. We will  go -- Friday. Four days? Bapu... Sardar... You have gained weight. You must  join me in the fast. If I fast I die. If you fast people  go to all sorts of trouble to keep  you alive. Bapu, forgive me -- I've cheated. I  could have come earlier. But your  fast has helped. These last days  people's minds have begun to turn to  this bed -- and away from last night's  atrocity. But now it is enough. All that has happened is that I've  grown a little thinner. Tomorrow five thousand Muslim students  of all ages are marching here in  Calcutta -- for peace. And five thousand Hindu students are  marching with them. It is all  organized. I'm glad -- but it will not be enough. Bapu, you are not so young anymore. Don't worry for me -- death will be  a deliverance. I cannot watch the destruction of  all I have lived for. Each night before I sleep, I read a  few words from the Gita and the Koran,  and the Bible... tonight I ask you to share these  thoughts of God with me. I will begin with the Bible where  the words of the Lord are, "Love thy  neighbor as thyself"... and then our  beloved Gita which says, "The world  is a garment worn by God, thy neighbor  is in truth thyself"... and finally  the Holy Koran, "We shall remove all  hatred from our hearts and recline  on couches face to face, a band of  brothers." Who dares say such things! Who?! Come! Kill me first! Come! Where are  you?! Kill me first! Bapu, I have brought Mr. Suhrawardy.  It was he who called on the Muslims  to rise; he is telling them now to  go back to their homes, to lay down  their arms. Think what you can do by living --  that you cannot do by dying. What do you want? That the fighting will stop -- that  you make me believe it will never  start again. ...Sometimes it is when you are quite  without hope and in utter darkness  that God comes to the rescue. Gandhiji  is dying because of our madness. Put  away your "revenge." What will be  gained by more killing? Have the  courage to do what you know is right.  For God's sake, let us embrace like  brothers... It is our promise. We stop. It is a  promise. Go -- try -- God by with you. Only God decides who goes to hell... Why? Why? I know a way out of hell. Find a child -- a child whose mother  and father have been killed. A little  boy -- about this high. ...and raise him -- as your own. Only be sure... that he is a Muslim.  And that you raise him as one. Go -- go. God bless you... Yes, sir, yes, sir, "Wait." Accident, "Christie crossroads," a  lorry and a rickshaw. Yes, sir, I  have it. I wouldn't have believed it, Mr.  Gupta. Sergeant, it's a bloody miracle... It is foolish if it is just to save  the life of an old man. Everywhere. Maulana, my friend, could I have  some orange juice... Then you and I  will take a piece of bread together... You see, Bapu, it is not difficult.  I have fasted only a few hours and I  accomplished what you could not do  in as many days. That is how you eat muli. I'm not sure I want to be remembered  that way. No, he'll be remembered for tempting  fate. I'm simply going to prove to Muslims  there, and Hindus here, that the  only devils in the world are those  running around in our own hearts --  and that's where all our battles  ought to be fought. Not a very good one. That's why I  have so much tolerance for the other  scoundrels of the world. Ask Panditji to -- to consider what  we've discussed. Enough. You're a temptress. Nothing's more dangerous, especially  for an old man. Allah be with you. Brother, Bapu is already late for  prayers. Oh, God... oh, God... ...There have been tyrants and  murderers -- and for a time they can  seem invincible. But in the end they  always fall. Think of it -- always...  When you are in doubt that that is  God's way, the way the world is meant  to be... think of that. 