Let go of her. Look fella...this is private... Sounds good. Well, we're here for about two weeks, then whatever else comes along... we're still working on our album and... Thanks. Follow me. Yeah. But he ain't here now.Riverdale. No, all we got is $40. You got sparklers? No. Well, I don't know if we want to buy all $40 worth... We went down to Chinatown but they don't have any.And cherry bombs...ash cans...and rockets? Well, we want good stuff. Well, we got $40, and we wanna buy... Well the guy over there said...Uh...can we give you a check? Can't we come with you? Why? Yeah.Whether she wants to or not...she's not going. Nothing's private... It's obvious that the girl doesn't want to accompany you, isn't it? Of course, 'The Season of the Witch' won't be ready for a while yet but we have to keep in touch. Great...great...listen, I'm very interested in you guys because I'll be opening a new club myself soon... uptown...and maybe we can work something out... What are your plans? No, really, I liked it...thought it was great. Know where he is? Isn't this Jack Groppi's place? Sure. And you're gonna take the vows next Tuesday, right. Panther! Same thing... Thanks for the ride. I'll say that I'm travelling. Listen, I appreciate it, but I'll handle it myself. I'll write. Yeah, well thanks, but I got enough to hold me. My mother can send me some. I don't know. Hey, come on... No. Yeah. So I'll send you a postcard from wherever. If I get there. It's an open ticket. I can go anywhere up to $350. Kennedy. Hide the gun. Throw it away. Anything. Listen, I gotta borrow your car...I think we should take a ride...away from here for the night...you know what I mean? She don't look Jewish. How do you know? Who's the girl? I don't know, but God help him if he does it again! 'Thou sayest it; I am a king. This is why I was born and why I have come into this world, to bear witness to the truth. Everyone who is of the truth hears my voice.' 'My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world my followers would have fought that I might not be delivered to the Jews. But, as it is my kingdom is not from here.' 'Dost thou say this of thyself, or have others told thee of me?' Salute!!! May God be with you. Anybody wanna have a game? Look who's talking. Pretentious bullshit. Who's the guy with William Blake and the tigers, eh? And I wouldn't call it TONY'S PLACE or CHARLIE'S PLACE... I'd call it something like SEASON OF THE WITCH... get it? See what I mean? A question please...'Is this what you call living?' Be careful. Don't go to any trouble. We believe you... We believe you. You got some mouth! It'll be OK - I know those guys. They won't stiff you. Next time, bet with your own kind. Not quite...but keep trying. Good idea. Forget it. No. He has about twenty-eight bucks... it's all he has on him. Mind your own business. Don't you move!!! Come on. NO!!! What do you think I am, crazy??? Oh, cut it out, will ya? Take it. I'm doing it for you, stupid! You threaten me with my uncle? After what I'm doing for you? Johnny, I swear to God, if you open your mouth about any of this... Don't be smart. Your cousin here was getting sick, worrying about you. We've been in here calling... Shut up! Keep your mouth shut. That's what I get for getting involved. Look, on pay-day at least show up at Tony's Place to meet him, ok? This way he doesn't think that you're trying to screw him. If you show good faith and save his face maybe we can talk and he'll take off the interest or make different payment arrangements or something... understand? I'm not asking I'm telling you!! I don't get involved with anything, you understand that? Nothing! I'm clean as far as you know...right? That'll help you out fine. That's the best way for you, not for me! I swear to God, I'll rip you open if my uncle ever hears a word about this. You understand? I don't care what happens, he doesn't find out. How? Big deal...in the meantime, it's done...I'll still try to help you out...You know that...but you gotta show some effort...some respect... understand? It's impossible for you to catch up on the loan now...the interest is going up...$3,000...do you realize that, flash? That's not going to help. Let's get out of here. Stupid bastard...you get your cousin half-sick over this. Cut it out stupid. It's me. I could have told you that. I won't wait until Tuesday. I'll break your arms right now. Don't promise...just deliver. I'll tell you what I don't do... I don't owe anybody 2,000 clams plus interest, stupid. Show up or I break both your arms, we understand each other? You're not supposed to like it. What gets me is your attitude. Listen... tomorrow you show up. You sick or what? You forget what we had to do to get you on the trucks, stupid? What do you mean? You couldn't handle shit. You just better come through with some kind of payment on Tuesday...anything. Understand? Hold onto your pay- check this week. Yeah, big man...get yourself in more trouble. You make a fool out of him, you're doing the same to me. I signed for you don't forget. You'd better make a move kid. He thinks you're trying to screw him. No, she isn't. Should I slap him? C'mon Tony, waddaya say? All right, forget it. Tony, you got anything we can put on his face? I know but let's hear it anyway. What happened to you Flash? Giovanino! Where have you been? My uncle figured that this week was bad...but about next week...I dunno. Maybe you should speak to him yourself. I don't understand, where's Groppi? He'd rather have the loan payed, you know that. Not next week's either...listen...you tell that to Giovanni, not me. That bad, huh? What pipes? No. Ok, how's everything going? You're really crazy. Yeah, where's the rest? Look, Michael, I'll get him here. What do you want me to do, kill him? We'll be here. 'Amen I say to thee, thou wilt not come out from it until thou hast paid the last penny.' 'But I say to you not to resist the evildoer; on the contrary, if someone takes thy tunic, let him take thy cloak as well...to him who asks of thee, give; and from him who would borrow of thee do not turn away! 'But I say to you, love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who persecute...' $3,000. Shit! Can we hold it at $3,000? How much was the original loan again? He'll be here. Look, take this for now. Let's go to the movies...on you. How much? What's a'matter? We'll settle it tonight. Look...I've talked to him and I've talked to him...what more can I do...? Tonight at the party all three of us get together and we knock some sense into his head...ok? Oh Michael, look... Yeah, thanks, it's ok. C'mon Johnny. Disgraceful. Get him in. Michael, give us a lift. Michael, believe me. You know the kid's a little crazy sometimes. I vouched for him and he'll come through. I promise. I'll talk to him and straighten him out. Don't worry, OK? You're right. You're right. Look, I'm not gonna wind up paying his debts. You know that. Michael, nobody's out to screw you, I guarrantee that. Look...I don't know. What am I supposed to be, his keeper or something? Yeah, he's supposed to be here but who knows what goes on in his head. Right? Nope... No...I'll be ok for a week. OK, ok... Oh great...hey - Winstons? Bye. Ok. Chinese. We'll meet on the corner of 6th Avenue and Waverly Place after you finish. Yeah, you know...you greet the people...see them to their tables... well...it'll be different though... Listen...why don't we get together and talk after your show tonight. No...no stripping...as the hostess. I was thinking maybe you'd do very nicely for the place. In a little while...I'm gonna have the opportunity of opening my own place...not here...much nicer than this...uptown...sort of nite-club and restaurant and everything. No, I'm serious...You're really good. You know Diane...I've been wanting to talk to you for a while now...er... a... aside from all that joking around we do out there...when you're on...I... a...I really...think that you're a terrific performer... Diane, how are you feeling? Oh yeah, that's a possibility. All right. What do they expect you to say? No, she's got epilepsy. Teresa. What did he do? Oh yes, he's pretty good. Hemmingway. Killed himself. I was more upset about that than about Groppi, that's for sure. I really couldn't believe it when you told me, you know that? Who me? ...No, I don't know, not me...all I know is... Oh...around...why? Ok. About Oscar...I think he put on this act...about the restaurant being in bad shape and all that. He can't make the payments...I don't know what to make of it. He says Groppi's run off with a girl. I could help if you want. You're right uncle. I must have gotten it confused with something else. About that shooting last night...I was there and... Uncle, how are you feeling? Oh, that's ok...I've been in and out of this place fifty times. It's only a couple of courses...just for the draft. "Short Happy Life of Francis Macomber." "Francis Macomber." Nothing. Wasn't a book...was a short story. Are you sure he didn't say anything to you about tonight? Honey, I can't talk now...I've gotta run, bye. Teresa?...Yeah, Charlie. Listen, I'm looking for your cousin. Yeah, well today's Tuesday, payday. I haven't seen him all day...no...well, have you got any idea where he is? I know it's early yet but I'm just getting worried that's all... Now don't get excited. Don't get excited!! You've been running round too much. Bet you've been forgetting your medicine. Of all people. Now say the truth. Do I look like Che Guevara. C'mon. ...He must have heard the name from those T.V.'s in the hall that were blaring all the time. I remember GUEVARA was in town at the time. Must've heard it from there I guess...but that's funny, isn't it? I know...I know. Well you can't blame them in a way. Uhuh...probably a good idea. Why don't you do it this time? Watch your language. That W.A.S.P. bastard. No. Of course he lives there. Would I point it out to you if he didn't? See that...know who lives there? The name George Earhardt mean anything to you? That's the word...preoccupied. Take your time. I don't care. Yeah...but don't worry about that now. The Hemmingway one is first. Bore. No...we can come back in a couple of weeks. Besides, if we're both gone for three days it wouldn't look right. Not sick...just stupid. Speaking of stupid, your cousin last night was feeling so good he decided to break into your mother's house...to get some food. You missed the point. The kid's a climber...not very bright...but if you get down to his level to look at it his way; he kills a guy who insulted a big man - he gets a reputation. He thinks he's in good standing. CHRIST, you should have seen it. Unbelievable. The kid would turn around and fire and he would just keep coming at him like Rasputin. That kid was scared. Not half as much as we were though. Did you? Don't ask. You know...like restaurants, night clubs... See if you can get your hands on some pamphlets on laws or by laws...or proprietorship...you know...at your place. Nobody knows anything, believe me. Maybe, who knows. Well, if things go the way I hope they'll go, this money business will take care of itself. God willing. Sure...it's not that...I mean... Well... Well...with the hotel that's ten... fifteen... Ok, we'll go for lunch.Well, maybe you missed something? Who knows? It's not hard to figure out what she'll wind up like. When the respect for parents breaks down, that's bad...you know I'm "cumpari" with them...so I take an interest. You live next door, keep an eye open...but don't get involved. Her mother and father come to me and ask advice...she wants to leave...get her own apartment...worries them sick...what am I gonna tell them? Lock her up? Yeah. That's what I said, sick in the head. ...The one who's sick, right? In the head. His whole family has problems...his cousin, the girl who lives next door to you... ...but it's the same thing, all the same...they're in there by having something on somebody...and when that doesn't work...they fight...Our life has honor...we have no show to put on because we do what we have to do. They know where to come when they need us. I realize this during the war...World War II...Vito Genovese... during WWII he worked with the government, taking care of the docks... What I don't understand is why you have to go to college to read these books that you're gonna read anyway. You know, this boy over here, once, long time ago, tried to enrich my mind...so he gives me a book by this Hemin fella...to read, so I read it. Well, he was always a little crazy... he puts a gun in his mouth... ...like your friend...comme si chiama...Henning? Heming? Our friend, Groppi, went to his mother's house. And when he was there...at night... You heard what happened to GROPPI, eh? Hey, where you been? Take a drink! No...his business is bad. But I'll decide what to do and you...and you just keep out of anything that might...might...er draw attention to you. Yes, you did. No you weren't. Fine. Did you have a good time last night?Johnny, you're a real jerk-off. I bet 235. Because I dreamt of my grandfather - and when he died, the number of the funeral parlour was 235 - so when I dreamt... The number was 235 - I bet it combination. Waddaya think?Hey, c'mon - no bullshit - friends. Don't count it...it's all there. What's the matter with this kid? The girls like it loud.What are you going to do? Hide me? This can't be settled any other way now...I'll take full blame. I think we should see your uncle. Hello, Michael. I've got something for you...not much...but... Back so soon. I'll be here. Don't worry. No, I just want to help myself, that's all. Charlie, twenty-eight bucks is nothing. The only way to do it is through your uncle...think about it will you? No you're not... What you're doing for me isn't worth it...believe me! Me? I wouldn't say a word to my aunt and uncle...or even your uncle, Charlie... I'm not smart...I'm stupid, remember. I'm so stupid that you have to look out for me, remember? Well kids...have the bans been announced yet? Oh, that's too bad, Teresa... Yeah, Teresa, shut up! We don't wanna get Charlie here in trouble, do we?...We love Charlie. You tell me that in front of these creeps? I understand. Yeah, take it easy. Will you relax. If you had a little talk with your uncle...if anybody can do it, he can. Charlie, you know the best way to take care of this whole mess. I'm sorry Charlie...I didn't mean it. I'm going to work this week...I mean it. I swear to God Charlie...my arm still hurts from the car accident...that's why I didn't go to work. I swear it. Did you see them run! Hey...don't do that...I'm only scaring them. Don't come any closer!!! We'll get some food from my aunt's. I'll get in through the fire escape. She's always got something. Hey...you got nothing here. Listen...I'm a guest here. Ok, now that that's over with...what are you gonna make me for breakfast? Ok, ok...take it easy. I'll show. Tuesday I'll give Michael something. I promise. What about your attitude...Where's your job...eh? You talk and talk and I go to work...what do you do? I don't like loading crates. Didn't show up. There won't be any this week. Don't worry. I can handle it. Wouldn't bother me. I don't think I should go home looking like this. You think I could stay at your place tonight? Your mother's not there is she? Yes, you're gettin' it all over my tie. Nah. It's the truth, I swear. I swear to God Charlie, it's the truth. Charlie, I swear on my mother, you're not going to believe this. Drinks for everybody Tony... Count it. I feel fine--nothing wrong with me. Girls? You call those skanks girls?! Lower the fuckin music--I can't hear nothin. Scumbag-- Will you guys shut up with the witches and tigers. Tony, you gonna close the place, we get out of here, get something to eat, or what? Put it on the little tab so that it balances with the big one. and a double for you and Charlie here. And put it on my tab, willya? This is a heisted car! You mean it's heisted. Yeah, it's your father's. What'sa matter...forget your registration? Ah...there's a funny lookin' cab behind us. Hey... you got stereo. This is some boat. Your father's? Sal!... fourteen street. Must have been all the liquor in him. Friends of yours Michael. I know what you're going to say but don't say it. These drinks are all on the tab. I'm gonna see you this Tuesday payday, I promise. I give you my word. Of course! A double for Michael, Tony.Why don't you take a look around the place if you want? Charlie, couple of courses isn't enough to get you student deferred... I mean if they wanted to draft you, you would've been drafted by now. Oh yeah...didn't read it but I saw the movie...Gregory Peck...pretty good. Wha? No, c'mon...Y'know, I read. What was it?Well, maybe they do that in Riverdale, but down here we take cash. Now, you got it or not? You sure? That means it's good. Hey! You want good stuff, or you want shit? Yeah, well, keep away from those Chinx. They don't have shit. Ok. For another $5.00 a special on the packs. Yeah. Well, my stuff comes from Maryland... you know what that means? All right! Quiet! For $40 I could give you... Yeah, yeah, never mind. You gotta be careful. Sssh! Quiet. Y'know that's illegal. A check? What the...hey, where you kids from? Hey hold it! Gimmie the cash. Nobody sees where I get the stuff. That's good business. I'll be back in thirty minutes. I gotta get the stuff. Ok, you guys get out, and wait here for me. Ok. Wait here. You're not going to use that gun, Johnny. Where's the rest? Whatever. Be seeing you and Johnny tonight... here...right? You said it. He could at least show some respect and show his face, even if he doesn't have the money... I'll tell you who you can pray for... Next payday, I'll be at Tony's Place...Johnny better show or I find him and break his legs...and I mean it. Charlie, this is business. $500. He borrowed that because he wanted to pay off his other loans... now, counting the interest...it's almost $3,000. You kiddin. The way it is now this isn't even interest for two hours. Well, he isn't. Nice...real nice. $20. Nothin'. Just stiffed those kids. Don't want'em comin' back and findin' you...start asking you questions. All right...but understand, I don't like being taken advantage of. I mean you're in there talking with your uncle and all...This is embarassing. Nevamind 'look'...This punk bastard...I call him at work...I say 'Johnny Boy there?'...He doesn't even show up for work anymore... You getting out too? Out!!!! Ok...that's it. Hey, shut up. OK, get in. OK. I don't know that. That's what I'm telling you. I know that Charlie but look at my side. You undersigned the loans. You vouched for him. What happens if this kid don't pay me? I gotta collect from you? I don't want to do that. I made a deal with him not you, right? ...Charlie, don't you think you should be interested in Johnny's payments to me? I think you should be, you know that. I'd like to know Charlie, it looks like your little friend is trying to duck me... Isn't he supposed to be here tonight...I mean... You seen Johnny Boy tonight? Sell 'em if you can't smoke them. For these prices don't be particular. That's all they had - but next week we'll see... Quiet please. Shut up. Just keep him quiet. You what? How about me? I don't get a drink John? Ok guys...have a heart. This is my business. Sure. Not bad. $20. Here, $5.What can I say? I should know? His wife don't even know. Probably off with one of his little girls...I don't know. I tell you, if he don't give a damn, then I don't give a damn...Why should I kill myself? Your Uncle's a good man...I won't stick him. Either he gets the money or the place and right now he's getting the place. And tell me why should I care? I got a partner who's a bum, who doesn't help out...who disappears and leaves me with all the problems. I should go back to Florida...I don't need this. Listen, I should wrap up this place in a ribbon and hand it to him, you know that. I don't need this aggravation. I'm getting old. I can't make this week's payment and if this keeps up not next week's either. Look Charlie, you're a good boy. Will you just tell your uncle that I have nothing. There is nothing to give him. No envelopes with cash inside, no checks, nothing. What pipes...the ones from last year...those pipes. I was in the basement fixing the pipes. Would you believe that? Don't ask...do you have any idea what I've been doing all morning...eh? Hey...you're here. They told me you're here...and you're here. How are you?You could say that. Well...no. No...no. Nooo...it's just that I...I...uh... this ain't my car. I know...I know. Yeah, I think so. Yeah...just had it delivered... Come on. Hey Johnny, where're you goin'?Yeah, I'm gonna worry about you, too. Hey...no more good times like before. Until you come back. Panther... Listen, try a place with some sun. Swimming pools. Palm trees. Girls in little French bathing suits. And say what? How about Teresa? I could talk... Take it easy. I only asked because maybe I could, you know, let you have a little something. You flew before? Nervous? So? I know, I know, stupid. I mean where you goin'? Where to? Ok...but go to a movie first or something...not good to be driving around right away. You know you can't do much for him now...it's out of your hands. Get out of here before this really goes up. Sure she is. She's always in here with some different guy. You know the way they are. Look at her. Jewish... Prophesy to us, oh Christ! Who is it that struck thee? 'Thou art then a king?' 'Art thou the King of the Jews'? 'And with your spirit.' No. You are with out a doubt the biggest, most pretentious bullshit thrower I know. Like to see what kind of business you'd do. 'Take a little tip from Mack the Knife...' Really wanted to get a little tiger Charlie, y'know...a little William Blake and all that... Keep quiet about this. I don't have any license for him yet. I've only had him a couple of days. Nobody can feed him except me. I'm the only one he trusts. Watch. Shut up. We'll close up as soon as everybody leaves. Yeah, so things'll be even. Which one, the big tab or the little tab? Yeah. Thanks. Can you spare it? How much?