Shouldn't you wait till your lawsuit's settled? Oh, that is beautiful. You've got the goods... Your old files -- ? Flynn! I made it. I worked out some new codes for Tron, put 'em on a disk, and -- it's running. Uh... got any cinnamon? I was wondering where you got that glow of good health. Hi, Flynn. Not if my Tron program was running. That would seal the system off. If your file's in there... Dillinger? I still don't get why you're trying to break into the system. Senior exec. You invented Space Paranoids? I don't get it. Are you embezzling? You did break in. I'm certainly not. Uh, no ... I mean, not that often - What -- ? For what? Of what? What for? You call that getting over it? Okay, okay... Flynn had access to you, too. I'm not interested in talking about him. Something about tampering. Some body's prob'ly trying to siphon the R&D budget into his checking account, I don't know. Why are you so interested? Yeah...pain in the neck, you know, I was all set Frustrating. I had Tron almost ready to run, and Dillinger cut everybody with Group 7 access out of the system. They'll start to soon enough. Ever since he got that Master Control Program set up, system's got more bugs than a bait store. Great. Can it send me to Hawaii? Boy, I sit up there grindin' away all day, and you guys are down here disintegrating things and having fun. Beautiful! Ok No, it'll run independently. It can watchdog the MCP as well. It's called Tron. It's a security program itself, actually. Monitors all the contacts between our system and other systems... If it finds anything going on that's not scheduled, it shuts it down. I sent you a memo on it. I hope you don't think it's me. I don't even balance my checkbook on downtime. I've got a Honeywell at home for that. Yeah...? Well, I don't know...I just tried to run this program I've been working on, and I was denied access all of a sudden. I thought maybe I'd been laid off and nobody told me. Alan. Alan Bailey.Yes! You said it. Not a chance. No, nuh-uh, never in a million years! Yes, okay, exactement! Right on the money! No... For sure... Oui, da, yessiree, sure 'nuff, you betcha. No, nyet, negatory, not on your tintype, no way. Yesssss. Yes. Yes. Yes.Ah. Sounds good. Well, we should have you running again in a couple of days, I hope. Mmm. Part of the Master Control Program? No, no, I'm sure, but -- you understand. It should only be a couple of days. What's the thing you're working on? We have to close that down, just briefly. Security reasons. Someone with that access has been tampering. oh, you have Group 7 access, don't you? Oh, yes. The algorithms on cloud seeding...great piece of work. How's it going? Come on in... You wouldn't dare. If you think - What do you want with the Pentagon? Now, wait a minute -- I wrote you. The Pentagon? It's my fault. I programmed you to want so much... I'm sorry - Cute. I think we'd better shut off all access till we can find that file. Just to be safe. Meanwhile, he might find it. He's still looking for that old file... can't you just appropriate it? Flynn? No problem, Master-C. If you've seen one Consumer Electronics Show... What's up? I'm sorry, Walt. So much pressure lately... you feel like going for a drink? It can be arranged... Doing our business is what computers are for. Look, Walter, with all respect -- ICOM isn't the business you started in your garage anymore -- The MCP is the most efficient way of handling what we do. I can't sit and worry about every little user request that -- Walter, I sympathize, but I have data coming out of the Master Control Program saying there is something screwy --Nah...I decided...I've had enough of video games to last me a good long time. I feel like gettin' into some real life... And Dillinger's instructions to divert them -- it's all there - look, even his home phone number, when he logged on. I know, I met him. Want one? My dinner. Hi, Alan. Boy, if we were inside, I know how to forge us a Group 6 access... Yeah. Tryin' to find the file and erase it. Once that's gone, ain't nothin' can stop him. Just Eddie and his Master Control Program, runnin' things from on high.. Because somewhere... in one of those memories ... is the evidence. If I got in far enough, I could reconstruct it. Oh my. Meanwhile, kids are putting eight million quarters a week in Space Paranoids machines and I'm not seeing one dime. Yepper. And Vice Squad, and Meltdown... whole slew of 'em. I was this close to starting my own little enterprise. But: enter Ed Dillinger. Another software engineer -- not so young, not so bright, but very, very sneaky. One night, our boy Flynn goes to his terminal, tries to read up his file, and ... nothing. A big blank. We now take you to three months later. Ed Dillinger presents ICOM with five video games he has "invented" -- the slime didn't even change the names -- and he gets a big fat promotion. Thus begins his meteoric rise to...what is he now, Executive V.P.? Sherman, set the Wayback Machine for...oh, 1973. Kevin Flynn is one of the brightest young software engineers at ICOM. He's so bright that he starts going in there at night, and sets up a private memory file, and begins writing a program for a video game he is inventing, called... ...Space Paranoids. You haven't told him? "Embezzling" is such an ugly word, Mister Bailey... No, actually I'm trying to get a legal brief together. Tried to. Can't quite make the connection with that sucker, though. If I had a direct terminal ... Let's get outta here. So... Nice ship you got here. What's our next move? This town's full o' live ones. This honey doesn't handle so good in town... Way to go! We're haulin'! Another mouth to feed... you don't by any chance know how to drive this crate? I'm your program? where's your program? Won't it miss you? only yes and no... You're a bit. Oh. Anything else? That all you can say? What do you mean, "'yes"? Aah, I'm fine... little hung over is all... Hey... you guys OK? Did we make it? Not us, I hope. What about our friend - Sark? All right. Thank God. Alan stayed awake, at least. I hate to disappoint you, pal, most-the time, that's how it is for Users, too. Look, you guys know how it is. You just keep doin' what it looks like you're supposed to, even if it seems crazy, and you hope to hell your User knows what's goin' on. You wish. Man, I haven't had a second to think since I got down here. I mean in here. Out here. Whatever. It's time I levelled with you, Tron. I'm a -- well, I'm what you guys call a User. No big deal. I ought to know my way around that Light Cycles routine... I mean, I did write the program for it. I'm sorry, Tron... he's... he didn't make it. Yeah, I... oops! Greetings, program... How about over there...that empty memory? What's that? You know anybody that's got an army for rent, that's fine...but my, uh, User said to go take that sucker out. An' let's face it, the big ox isn't gonna get any weaker. I feel like hittin' him now, while I'm good an' mad. Some nerve... what does he care whether you guys get killed, long as he keeps rakin' in quarters? I, uh... I'm a program from a User that... knows Alan...? Well, isn't it -- ? Alan! Shhhhh. Probably. Jump. Yori, steer us over the beam, right next to it. Let's get some power here. Elementary physics... a beam of energy can always be diverted... ooh, my head Are we there yet, Mommy? There's another beam! Lousy utility companies ... they're the same wherever you go. What's wrong with that area? Boy the view from up here... you know the territory? Guess I took a wrong turn somewhere... Hey... ! Damn! Never fails... minute the warranty runs out... Are you kidding? I think it's stealing us - What's goin' on? Feel what? You okay? It grows on you. Well...my home "sector" was called Paramus ... It's all circuits... Must be an input/output component... Watch it! Yeah, but I'm remembering all kinds of stuff. Like...my User wants me to go after the MCP Tron...? Oh, uh...I don't remember too much... Yeah, yeah -- that's great. Hey, Ram ... what were you ... you know, before? Well, great, that's no sweat -- I play video games better than anybody. Look...just so I can tell my friends what this dream was about, okay? Where am I? Hey, you know anybody who wants to get hold of some video games... cheap? Are you kidding? You guys'll he running this joint by then... you have any idea how much I can sue these jokers for? Swell...I'll log us both on, and you can get your Tron thing running... Not much chance of that now. The MCP can just slip it into another system as soon as it locates it... Boy, I bet I know who's workin' late tonight. Touche, honey. Yeah, I've been doing a little hacking here. Which I've got every reason, as you well know... Whew. You never were much for small talk. She still leave her clothes all over the floor? So...how's the world of serious science? Good luck. You can't even think in here. Hey! Good to see you guys! Nothing classes up the place like a cleancut young couple.Yes, won't that be grand -- the computers will start thinking, and people will stop. Lora, I'm going to stay and run some data through. See you tomorrow. Well, you have to expect some static. Computers are just machines after all, they can't think... Yes...but you have to go roundtrip, and you must purchase your program at least 30 days in advance. Hah! Not disintegrating, Alan -- digitizing. While the laser is dismantling the molecular structure of the object, the computer maps out a holographic model of it. The molecules themselves are suspended in the laser beam. Then the computer reads the model back out, the molecules go back into place, and... voila. Hello, Alan. Thank you, no. I have some work to do... assuming I can still log on. That was uncalled-for. Oh, I know all that. Sometimes I wish I was back in that garage... User requests are what computers are for. That MCP, you know, that's half the problem right -- Ed, all I'm saying is - if our own people can't get access to their programs ... you know how frustrating it is, when you're working on a piece of research -Little more juice's all it needs... Come here. We're inside a Recognizer... You are crazy -- stealing a Recognizer -- Alan-One... PARAMUS... wonder what those initials stand for ... ...probably Program Assist Routine -- well, it sounds like a lovely place. The tower, yes -- Flynn, have you remembered anything else about yourself -- like what sector you're from? Recognizers! He was disoriented in transport, Tron. Flynn! Look, Tron, he survived! Sure, a little disorientation. That's normal, when they transport you. It'll come back to you. You're doing real well in training. Remarkable, really... How 'bout yourself? Oh, I was an actuarial program... worked at a big insurance company. It really gives you a great feeling, helping folks plan for their future needs -- and of course, if you look at the payments as an annuity, over the years, the cost is really You're a..."guest" of the Master Control Program. They're going to make you play video games. You'll be having plenty of chances to get hurt, don't worry about that. Do you know what he's talking about? You think we can make it there? What do you think? The Users...you really think they're still there? New guy...We'll get them, sir... These things take time. Now, sir... We did take care of that User you sent us -- Yes...acknowledge, Master Control... Wait...I need that... But-what if I can't...? Well, I -- it's just -- I don't know, a User, I mean... Users wrote us. A User even wrote you... A User? You've got it. I've been hopin' you'd send me somebody with a little moxie ... what kind of program is he? Yes, MCP. Sure, I'd love to go up against some of these guys ... be a nice break from these accounting creampuffs you keep sending me. Which branch of the service? Thank. you, Master Control.Dumont! Where's Yori? Where's Flynn? Dumont! Alan-One. He calls me... may I pass? Really. You'd have programs lined up around the block to use this place -- and no MCP looking over your shoulder. Dumont... my User has information that could -- could make this a free system again. Well I want to communicate -- I... have come to communicate with my User. How about you? Yes. Not with this disk. I'm going to check on the beam connection, Yori. You two can keep a watch out for grid bugs. Probably decided not to pursue us, The Sea of Simulation is tricky.. lot of illusions...rough navigating. Programs have a way of just... disappearing here. We're on our way. Alan-One gave me the coding we need to go up against Master Stranger and stranger... Well -- that's how it is for programs, yes, but -- Then... But -- if you're a User -- then everything you've done has been part of a plan ... Wrote the...? Flynn... Where's Ram? You're alive! Flynn!! No good...they might block off the old chip. This way. Tanks...coming back. Let's go. What, just the three of us? The name of my User, yeah. But how... ? Where did you hear that name? I have to find out what Alan wants... that comes first. We have to. Do it! They'd better be...I don't want to bust outta this dump an' find nothin' but a lot of cold circuits waitin' for me. Another free program off line. What's his User s'posed to do -- ? Where's Flynn? Nice... We have to get off this beam! What is it? This is Flynn... the one who busted me out. As long as it gets us out of here I had to...in the games... Why is everything...like this? Don't know yet... I have to get in touch with Alan. He was going to tell me how to That's all going to change, Yori... Yori... hey...Flynn... you can't... I But... won't you be de-rezzed? Why? What are you going to do? Flynn, we've got to help him! Almost... I just have to adjust our course at the next junction. I'd better go check the instruments ... How did you do that, Flynn? It's too far! The MCP blasted it... There are very few domains left with any power at all. A little ... Over there, the Mountains of Data... and I think that's the Silicon Valley... A User -- in our world? It's something Users do. I can't. There's no junction due for at least 7 or 8 nanoseconds! Power surge... the transmission beam's too strong! Then I owe you some thanks... Yes...it can take us across the Sea of Simulation... all the way out of the Game Grid...to the MCP. You've grown, big program. It's a flat. But wait a micro... My quarters. How? I can't believe how bad it's gotten around here since the MCP started taking over... all the good functions have shut down... everybody looks so dead... I'm afraid to even go out during down-time... Oh, Tron... I knew you'd escape... they've never built circuit that could hold you...