What do you want me to do? Not good. It means "bloodbrother." Pain cuts the deepest, isn't that what you said? I am a hunter. A weapon. It's what I do. It's in my blood. Get real. I was useful to Damaskinos as long as the hunt was still on. Now that it's over, all bets are off. Because one of us is going to kill the other before this ends. You don't want to go there. I wouldn't read too much into it. For what? I don't think so. What? Save it. I don't want to hear your words. Let's do this NOW!!! Fry 'em. You don't have to hunt to do it. Like cancer with a purpose. Nomak's different. He's the carrier. There's something driving him beyond the Thirst. Something we're missing. No hemoglobin left. Their metabolisms are too fast. They burn out. That's why they're having to feed so often. Their systems are self destructing. Time. Which means he turned about seventy-two hours ago. Recognize him? how long since he was bitten? He escaped. You didn't tell me they were immune to silver and garlic. I'll heal. Nothing. What is it with you people and pain? I haven't forgotten. Where to first? We're going to be working as a unit, you people will be taking orders from me. So let's get it over with. I'll give you a free shot, Reinhardt. You've been training two years to take me out. Here I am, the big, bad vampire hunter. So do it. Then they weren't created to go after your "patient zero". Seems like he's doing me a favor, then. Why? What? Blood... Then who does he work for? What's your problem, Whistler? Where the hell have you been? We'll split into three units. First team that makes contact wins the prize. Try to maintain radio silence from here on out. It means I'm starting to wonder if the vampires still have their hooks in you. You've been acting strange ever since I gave you the cure. Reckless, quick to anger -- You said it yourself, Whistler. Those vampires knew our defense system backwards and forwards. Where'd they get their intel? Pretty hollow words coming from a man who spent the last year running with the enemy. I wouldn't worry about it. Where were you, Whistler? I thought you were supposed to be watching our backs. I'm not giving you a choice, old man. He's right. They'll smell that you're human. Stay here, watch our backs. What do you really think? What do you think? I agree. We play along for now, we might wind up learning something about how their world ticks. Let's just hope you've kicked the Thirst for good. I'll be watching you close. You start to back-slide -- Did you think I wouldn't? How do you feel? Thought you were dead. So I think you people may have underestimated how many Reapers you're dealing with. Must be hundreds of these skeletons here. You don't have a choice. You're just going to have to protect yourselves as best you can. Look, I care about the humans who are dying, not you, got it? Revenge. That's what Nomak wanted all along. To pay back the people who created him. Too bad you're out of it. The genetic material you spliced into Nomak -- Where did you get it? You want me to hunt them for you. For what? Two things. One, I was on to you the moment they turned you. And two -- I switched that dud of yours back with the real one. Kiss your ass goodbye, Reinhardt. He wants us to know he's hunting us now. He was here. Watching us. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. Isn't that how the saying goes? Human? Gonna try and OD Whistler on a retroviral cure. Ultra-rapid detox. They use it on heroin addicts, make 'em go cold-turkey in one night.And why is that? True, but thanks to you, we know his weakness. We can keep him contained. It's just a matter of time before we hunt him down. I should think that would be obvious at this point. Not alone. It has been said, you may have enemies whom you hate, but not enemies whom you despise. Be proud of your enemy: then his success shall be yours, too. In that regard, I should thank you. Are you insane? He'll kill us both! From his father, of course. I would hate to think you were losing your perspective. Who do you think God favors in the web? The spider or the fly? Thiavolos, as we used to say in Greece. The Devil. Pure Thirst. Nothing more. He was born a vampire, but he is an anomaly. Like you. Unlike the rest of us, however, he feeds on not just humans, but vampires as well. You worry too much, Stevens. I have assurance from our friend inside that events are unfolding as scripted. Any game worthy of being played is. One must be patient. In this way, I have outlived my enemies. All of them. An inevitability, I suppose. Nyssa was not among them, I trust. Any casualties? Yes?Us? What are you talking about? No -- Does that mean I can't be a donor? Not that I'm in contact with.Seems like there's a lot of that going around these days. Put it back in park, Blade. So? Spare me the race card, OJ. We're not going out into the sun. It's too risky. And so will we.So that's down and dirty. Got anything to say for yourself? You're wasting your time, Blade. The flechette's a dud. Nomak? What's going on? So you're going to do this? Motion sensors. Looks like Zone Three. I don't know about this, man -- You got something in mind, Blade? Back when Blade had me hunting down your puckered old ass. What's up with your hair, anyway? Fucking Willie Nelson look-a-like? Yeah, your little cootchie knew. After last night? Dude, I'm a lover, not a fighter. I was backpacking. Hooked up with these two chicks who were off to see the Burning Man festival. We were gonna take "E", have ourselves a little freeball out in the desert. You know the riff, "Dear Penthouse, I never thought this would happen to me, but --" Blade doesn't talk about the old days much. So how long have you known Blade, anyway? Yeah, but you didn't have the Scudster working on it, did you? Tweaked the phosphor rod, modified the collimated beam, wanna concentrate the light, get something like a UV laser going. This whole deal's giving me a serious case of the butt-willies. Hey, you think I don't know what's at stake here? We practically compromised our whole operation to save your puckered old ass! And for what? Look, what's your problem? Fuck yeah. Whole package'll crank this betty up another three-hundred horsepower. The pimp-mobile? Just made a few after market modifications. Nitrous-oxide injection system, forged aluminum pistons and crankshaft, higher flowing fuel pump. Scud.As scripted? You've already lost two of your own. How many more are you willing to sacrifice? No. This is a dangerous game, you're playing, Damaskinos. Two so far. They've made contact with the Reapers.Come on, Blade. Talk to me! I did some checking on that Carter Stevens character. That familiar of theirs who claimed he was with the NIH? Turns out he used to work for them, but he doesn't anymore. Why don't you ask your girlfriend? Just out connecting a few dots. Your security's for shit, kid. Eau de suckhead. Tasty. What the hell is that supposed to mean? I am worrying. Seems to me, you're starting to get confused as to which side of the line you're standing on. You ask me, you and Miss Muffet are getting a mite too cozy for my taste. I'll show you. Ran into a little Reaper trouble myself. I don't like it. These guys are shitting bricks cause they're no longer on the top of the food chain. They're going to fuck us the first chance they get. Sounds like a plan. Either that or feeding the worms. You put a bullet in my brain. Wouldn't expect anything else. Took you long enough. You came back for me. Like a fucking heifer took a dump in my mouth. What the fuck you doing? Yeah, but you fangs can see in the dark. What am I supposed to do? Ain't no thing but a chicken wing, buttercup. You need to ratchet those 'nads of yours down a few notches, paco. Getting your attention, Paco. You little shit. When did they get to you? What about you? You're not coming? Pretty. Blade doesn't talk about anything much. What about you, though? Going on twenty years now. Nope. Back then we did not. You're wasting your time, already been tried. The hell are you fiddling with there? Look, kid, they obviously found your base of operations. If it was a trap, why flip their dicks by announcing themselves? Our operation?! Our operation?! I built this operation, you fucking turd stain. Where'd you dig up this shit-bird anyway? And you'll burn the damn thing out before your next fucking oil change. Gave it a more aggressive exhaust profile ramping. Whatever -- What'd you do to the Charger? Tell me something, Skid --