I followed her Trevor. I got to know her life. And what a boring one it was. Six a.m. gym, nine a.m. trendy coffee shop, noon bookstore, one soap operas, four o'clock news, five wait for Trevor to come home. And wait and wait and wait. Nine o'clock get ready for bed. We were gonna be millionaires you said. Nobody'd suspect a thing. I had never even met her. No connection. Then you went and had that fucking car accident. Tonight was supposed to be the night, Trevor. Remember? I couldn't believe you went through five dart games and didn't even joke about it. Someone special. Almost that fast. I got a few loose ends to tie up first. Came into a shitload of money recently. I've always wanted to go to take a trip. We're just gonna walk into the airport and decide right then and there. As much as he feels like. Its a much more pleasurable line of work. I've got a better offer. More time off. A sort of career shift, more in the engineering line of work. I quit. Today's my last day. Hey if you're not doing anything I'd like to buy you a beer after work. Be just like old times. You were supposed to have a date with Gwen last night? GWEN DEARDON? The supervisor? GWEN? Really? Do tell. Yeah, how's that? Getting paid for doing shit. Must be nice. Look never mind. Just get some numbers going- any numbers at all will due. The hills have eyes remember? Hospital? You haven't been to the hospital since uh... Dude there is a track on the carpet between here and the bathroom. It was made by your ass. You've been dragging it all fucking week. What happened to you yesterday? Trevor what is the metric probability of you getting any work done at all today?Who's Allison? Why don't you relax for the next couple of hours? Barring any relapses you should be able to go home after that. Take no offense Trevor. I see many patients a day and have an awful memory. Have we met? Hello I'm Dr...Now I want you to tell me what you remember happening- in your own words- exactly the way you told Detective Lange. But this time I want you to make one small adjustment. How many zeros was your wife worth? Zero's a number right? Last time anybody saw this woman she was alive. You seem to certain she's dead. No. No you said HER BODY's been missing. What did you just say?That's right Trevor. The timing was impeccable wasn't it? It's been eight months two weeks and three days but we finally found the body. Just need you to ID it for us. We're all here for you Trevor. The whackjob in the black lipstick who lives down the hall? She wanted you arrested for harassment. I told her to chill out and smoke a joint. I'd look the other way as long as she did you know? Sorry to take up your time like that Trevor. Don't work too hard. Oh, before I forget. I talked your neighbor out of pressing charges. You and your wife were playing a game shortly before you got into that car accident weren't you? I thought you loved games. Sorry I'm in your seat aren't I? I did read that, yes. What hospital were you going to? I mean the Lodovico Street Bridge isn't exactly on the way to Mercy General. For one thing there were no skid marks on that bridge, the tires were all intact, from what we could tell, nothing wrong internally with the vehicle either. Like the car had been driven off the bridge intentionally. Okay then. Here's the scoop. Thanks for coming down Mr. Gooding. Has your head healed okay by now?Pardon my glibness Trevor but you sound like a raving lunatic. The next time you seek counsel it should be of the psychiatric type. You're obviously on the verge of some nervous collapse. Seeing you were her sole benefactor, and I'm the executive of the will, Kirsty's entire estate would have to be donated to the city. Well they'd have to prove it in a court of law for one thing- And as far as hiding a body goes? I find it hard to believe even the dirtiest of cops would keep a victim's remains hidden simply to get someone to confess. It's absolutely preposterous. Now I'm not saying I don't believe you, I'm....ambiguous. There's quite alot of money behind all this. Trevor barring the more outrageous aspects of your claim you are not the only widower the police have questioned when foul play is suspected. A little? Try unbelievably.Who the hell are you talking to? Hey buddy! Hey buddy! Music to my ears. Least let me finish will ya? Got one puff left.Wow you are out of it. Can you follow them? Okay how many fingers am I holding up? We're just gonna take some blood here. Do you know where you are?You probably don't remember the night we played. Your first year as husband and wife. Use your mind for something other than numbers dear Trevor. Think about people for a change. People other than yourself. Like the women you slept with behind your wife's back. You were always so confident you had covered your tracks. Always confident your wife actually believed your fervent denials? Part of you must have known she would find out. How is our little student doing? Has he learned his lesson yet? I hear everything. And soon you will know everything. More than you ever wanted I can guarantee that. But I want you to think for a minute first. Think about all you've seen. All the clues you've been given. Poor Trevor.Shh. It's okay son. There is but one truth. One thing you can be absolutely sure of. And that thing is this: All you've got is the here and the now Trevor. That's all anyone really has. Maybe this will make things easier to understand. A man goes to sleep every night and has recurring dream that he's a butterfly. In time he begins to wonder if he might actually be a butterfly who dreams he's a man. And at the end of the day does it even matter? All these events you're describing. How can you be sure any of them really happened? What things do you think you've done?Surrender yourself... surrender yourself... Are you ready? You can trust me. Your wife is dead and you need to move past that. And the only way to move past something completely is to go straight through it, not around it. Surrender yourself to your wife's death. Let it chew you up and spit you back out on the other side. It's the only way you can become whole again. It was an analogy. Your soul is locked up inside you. You need to free it Trevor. You've blocked it from the healing process. That's what we need to do now. Heal your soul. And to do that I you have to give in utterly and without any hesitation or doubt. Do you know what I mean by giving in? It's about trust. Do you trust me implicitly? My teacher told me once there's a puncture point on your body that can lock your soul within it, even after you're dead. So that when you die you're trapped inside your body, watching it corrode for all eternity. Trevor your body has been completely healed. All the nerve endings have repaired themselves. If there is any pain in your head it's... in your head. You should always listen to your subconscious. It's trying to tell you something about your waking life. Dreams?Maybe I wasn't responsible for the car accident... Allison I think I did some very, very bad things. I mean very bad. Why didn't you tell me sooner? I would have switched doctors! I understand... I won't- Sorry. What was it? Did I ever talk about Kirsty? Did I ever talk about the accident? Well? No. She just would have loved it up here... Allison when I was under... did I ever talk? Lucky for us these chairs happened to be here. I did more then that. Yeah. It's like I was a different guy then I am today. I can't remember that guy. I see these women, they think I'm someone else, and I'm not that guy anymore. I'm not sure who Kristy knew. We startred off to be. She was, I guess I was. I just sort of....butchered up the relationship somehow. Bad choice of words. Pitbull attacks. Skin cancer. Please. Heart attack. That was easy street. Millions of people around the world get on busses every day. When was the last time you heard of anybody anywhere dying on a public transit bus? I've got numbers to back me up. Over the course of one year more Americans die in car accidents than did during the entire span of World War II. It's inside a moving car. Hint. It's not a geographical location. So, I'm done. Thats it for today? The way you just looked at me... Some call it resilience. Others, stupidity. Allison we have GOT to talk about this medication you've got me on. I miss her. I miss my wife. If they're blocked memories... I'm starting to realize the reason why I blocked them out. Allison I think I really... screwed everything up. These hallucinations I'm having. I think they're more like memories coming back to me in a strange way. No I need to remember. Look whatever it is take me off it. I can handle pain. I can't handle not knowing... Allison? Why can't remember what happened to my wife? Is it something I'm on that's... that's making me forget? Your insight is enlightening. Let me see. Oh yeah. My head feels like it's going through a meat grinder. I'm not sure if I'm dreaming or... What's happening to me? What are you doing? Where's Kirsty? Where's my wife? What just happened to me anyway? It looked like a dream but it felt like reality. Are you a dream too? Bret you are making no sense whatsoever. Bret. What the hell is going on? Bret... what the fuck...? Yeah? You and who else? So you're just packing it up just like that? How much time off? What's the occasion? Serious as a heart attack my friend. I think she literally fucked me brains out. I crap you not. She was all over me yesterday in the break room. And she was a total machine last night too. Gwen. I have my connections The boss won't notice me doing a bad job because I'm not. Even if the boss thought I was slacking I'd know right away. What? Since what? Give me a break. I checked back into the hospital- amongst other things. Hey Bret. Christ, my head feels like a split coconut. Allison Dormere. Your intern. Where's Allison? I've been in here before. Ambrose. I know. What's that? As in one minus one equals zero yes. Where are you going with this? You could say that. I saw her drowning inside the car, detective. What's the difference? I said she's been missing for- Do I really want to know what you're talking about? What? That was cold... Gwen, my wife's dead. Nothing, look. Gwen I really like you- Please, Gwen. You're- you're all over me. Sorry I just kind of... spaced for a second there. It's perfect. You're alive... Kirsty... Kirsty? Happy Anniversary, Mrs. Gooding. Really, why's that? But you had more wisdom than to listen to a false prophet Really? Why? What? Enjoyable too. The merger never even felt work for one second. In a word? Lucrative. This isn't happening. What? Yes I had a quickie with the neighbor during your last contraction. Just concentrate on the task at hand please. Listen to me. You should be giving ME this lecture. What isn't wrong? Why are you doing this anyway? But... I thought... Eighty four. Five hundred ninety two thousand seven hundred and four. Twenty one. Why do we have to do this now Kirsty? Morgue...? Thanks. What? Where is she? Where is my wife? I'll just stay out of this conversation until you come out and tell me why you've disrupted me at work. No please make yourself at home. It should all in the report. I told you guys everything. She was giving birth in the fucking car. She grabbed the wheel and I lost control. What evidence? Where's my wife? Thanks for your concern Larry. And fuck you too. Hello? City? Cops? It's a fucking conspiracy! Please Larry. Pretend you like me and humor me. What happens if I'm convicted of Kirsty's murder? How much do I stand to inherit if Kirsty is presumed dead? Hey ninety five point three percent of all murders are committed by either a spouse, a direct relative or a close friend that's common knowledge. But this wasn't murder it was an accident- I swear these guys are like playing mindgames with me. I think they got a hold of my e-mail address at work too. Look Larry I know you never thought too much of me. And I know this all sounds a little fucked up. What do you want?! ... but I'm starting to think I was... I was going to... I don't work here. You mean... when the car went off the bridge? Two. Ambulance. What's under that sheet...? I don't know who you are or what you want. I just want to know what's under that sheet... This game is over do you hear me? But that's what I need. To be sure... to be absolutely sure... But I saw these women. I saw their mutilated bodies. I saw their ghosts. I just know it happened I can feel it... Wow. Let's see. So many sins so little time. For starters I was responsible for the death my wife who by the way was carrying my unborn child. That was so I could collect her eight million dollar estate. I think I killed several women I was having mindless sex with behind her back. I don't know what I'm doing here. I'm not even Catholic. I just had to tell somebody. It's like, ever since my wife died I don't know what I've actually done or what I've imagined. But I do know if one tenth of what's happening to me is reality... I've done some really awful things in my life. Things that I've... I guess I've blocked out... Wait... what the hell is this... I surrender... I don't even know what's real and what isn't how can I trust anyone? Look, whatever your Marharagi, told you, forget. You've got to get this fuckin pain to stop. Jeez it's getting awful crowded in there. I was going to say dimensions. But I guess technically they are dreams. Come on, quit fucking around. Listen it's about... what we did together last night. I... think we need to talk, there's something really strange going on... Tawny I think I'm going to be sick. You must have been very proud of yourselves... Wow. That's good. Lots of capers, huh? I've never said this to a woman before but can't we talk a little bit before grabbing at each other? I'm, uh, not sure... Feeling kind of weird actually. Tawny? What's- what are you doing? Uh... sure, Tawny... what? It's not that kind of date. Last week... What do you mean? -Tawny. No, thanks I've got a... a date tonight-