What -- Oh, Jesus... She's still alive? She died? Who wanted her little girl back? Agatha, you're never going back there. You want to spend the rest of your life in the temple? Why? Someplace safe. I can't leave. You said so yourself, there is no Minority Report. I don't have an alternative future. You were right. I'm not being set up. Every day for the last six years I've thought about only two things. The first was what my son would look like if he were alive today. If I would even recognize him if I saw him on the street. The second was what I would do to the man who took him. Oh, God... I have to find out what happened to my life. Agatha. I'm not going to kill the man. I don't even know him. I can't. I have to know. He's here. Agatha... He'll turn around. Forget that guy -- What? Agatha -- Agatha... Who? What? What? I'm sorry, but I need your help. You contain information. I need to know how to get it. Can you just tell me who Leo Crow is? Can you tell me if -- Wally! How did I not see this? Agatha, who killed you mother? Who killed Anne Lively? I'm so sorry... I just want him back... I want him back so bad... Anne Lively... Because I found out about her... Somewhere. Just some guy... they found. -- but he didn't. -- go blind. I know. The nano... what? I can't even stand up -- How do I find the -- So uh, if you were a plastic surgeon before... You set your patients on fire! You made those tapes... I put you away -- From where? D.C.? We know each other? It's all I could safely move. Because my mother gave them to me. What do you care? They're no good to you on the secondary market anyway. I know that, but I wanna keep the old ones. Yeah -- Right. I know -- That's comforting. Lara -- So she cleaned up. Where is she now? Just tell me about the intended victim. This Anne Lively... Try again. Why's he still a John Doe? Why wasn't he ever ID's from an EYEscan? ... Graveyard shift. You the only sentry? Show me just Agatha's data stream. This is the official composite of the three precogs? Victim's a white female. Drowning. No, you're not in trouble. I'm interested in a murder. You the sentry? Then go ahead, pull the trigger. No doubt the Precogs have already seen this. Beauty? The precogs don't even always agree with each other! I just wanted to congratulate you. You did it. You've created a world without murder. So what if you had to kill someone to do it. Everybody runs. I'm not getting halo'd. You know I can't do that. You can't do that... Lamar, I need you to talk to Wally, see if Witwer's gone inside the temple again. Then ask Jad for any off hour EYEdents into the analytical room -- Can you fake the cerebral output? I can't. They're following me right now. They'll meet me there. They'll halo me. I'm out of breath! I'm a fucking fugitive! I have no idea. I've never heard of him. But I'm supposed to kill him in less than thirty-six hours. Somebody named Leo Crow. This is all Witwer. He's setting me up. Just so you know, I've overridden the vehicle locator. I just wanted to talk to you before Justice -- We won't let them. I'm fine, Lamar. I go running down there. I'm fine. What? If he's looking for a flaw in the system -- Danny Witwer is scheduled for a tour of Containment tomorrow -- I'm saying the third prevision wasn't there. And that's not all. I spent a few hours down there and it turns out there's a dozen more cases with missing previsions. I understand. What's the other thing? Yes, sir. I understand. Sir. Lamar, I'm sorry. I don't know what -- Hang on, Lamar -- Uh-huh... Don't worry, Lamar. You don't have to chase me, Fletcher. Everybody runs. I show a cop on horseback. The brick has been repointed, the glass is original with new glazing bars. I show composite mouldings with dentils. Someone took care in the renovation. Let's find the architect... Get him some coffee and tell him to wait outside. All I need, some twink from the Fed poking around right now. Check again with the paper, they had it forwarded. See if the neighbors know where they went, check all relations -- You're kidding, that's today? Armor up -- sick-sticks and concussion guns -- this is gonna be close. Take your time. Uh, yeah, you mind getting me a piece of that cake they're eating down there? I'm starving. Still scrubbing... looks like there's a third party, somebody wearing shades just out the window... Confirm with trig and image. I show time of occurrence, Friday at fifteen-zero-six hours. Check NCIC, maybe he's got a record. Then send a protection team as soon as we lock the location. Start a location run and a contact search for future victim Leo Crow. And, Jad, I'll need a Last Known Sheet when you get it. Amazing there's someone within two hundred miles actually dumb enough to still do that. Red Ball? Jad. How come you're not out there with Father Witwer? Go back to work. All of you. Uh-huh. Jad? You guys are nodding your heads like you actually know what the hell he's talking about. Did Marks close the front door?! Did he close the front door? Now look at him... Look at the kid. In this one, he's on the left of the man in the suit. Georgetown. No maglev system. Send a DCPD blue & white out there, set up a perimeter and tell 'em we're en route. What's our confirmed time? Run the subscription list... Case #1108, previsualized by the Precogs and recorded on holoshpere by Precrime's q-stacks. My fellow witnesses for case #1108 are Dr. Katherine James and Chief Justice Frank Pollard. Okay, Jad, what's coming? You gonna tell on me? You set me up... There hasn't been a murder in six years. There's nothing wrong with the system. It's perfect. Why don't you cut the cute act, Danny, and tell me exactly what it is you're looking for? What does he think of your chosen line of work? Just a nickname. The precogs are pattern recognition filters, nothing more. There's no question. You don't have any. Maybe you didn't hear me. We keep a strict separation so that no one can accuse us of tampering. Cops aren't allowed inside the temple. To Hineman? It was Iris Hineman. She developed the Precogs, designed the system and pioneered the interface. The Precogs don't see what you intend to do, only what you will do. The fact that you prevented it from happening doesn't change the fact that it was going to happen. But it didn't fall. You caught it. You're certain? Why did you catch that? Yes, it is. They did. Make yourself comfortable. We'll be back in an hour. I'm sorry Danny, but I'll have to give you the full tour later on. Just go to the beginning! Are these all of her previsions? I like you, Wally, so I'm not gonna kick you, or hit you with anything, but only if you promise to help me... Wally, listen to me... She said... She spoke to me. She was looking right at me. Nothing... she grabbed me, and then there was an image on the screen... It helps if you don't think of them as human. Wally. This is Danny Witwer. He's from Justice and we're to give him a full run of the farm. Rufus, play it back... What happened? Where's the rest? Stop -- They don't belong to anybody. So now I need you to hack into her. C'mon, Rufus, you've been busted twice for felony hacking. She's got information inside of her. I need you to get it out. Rufus, for Christ's sake, get up. That's right. Rufus. She's a precog. I need help with her. I need your help. Sean, wait... Who are you? I wanted to. I was looking for you... I forgive you... I forgive you. Sean -- Oh, Sean -- You're alive? What the hell. It's a little late for that. Sean -- you're not real. All right, I'll try... Are you kidding? There's absolutely positively no way, on my best day, I could ever beat twelve seconds! Four. Wow. What a big boy. I love you, Sean. What a big boy. How old are you? That's great. Good-bye, Crow. Let go of the gun. Tell me! Who made you do this? Tell me, who was it, set this up? What about the picture -- What the fuck is going on? I'm asking you again, who made you do this? Crow. I'm not gonna kill you. Who said I would? The precogs were wrong. No. NO! Where've you got him? Is he all right? Tell me, you fuck -- WHERE IS HE?! He's alive? His name was Sean. Six years ago. Francis pool. Do you know who I am? Six years ago. Baltimore. You grabbed a kid at Francis public pool in the West End. Which one is that? How do I even know which one has it? I'll get EYEscanned a dozen times before I get within ten miles of Precrime. They'll pick me up... You're insane or you think I am. -- and then walk out. That's all, huh? Just walk right into Precrime, go into the Temple, somehow tap into the Precogs, and then download this Minority Report... Where? What safe place is that? You said they're destroyed. Why should I trust you? I'm not gonna kill anybody. You want to bring it down. I believe in that system... Insignificant to you maybe, but what about those people I put away with alternate futures? My God, if the country knew there was a chance they might not -- Answer my question. Did Lamar Burgess know about the Minority Report? Does Burgess know about this? About the Minority Report? You're saying that I've halo'd innocent people? Why? Jesus Christ -- why didn't I know about this? What? So you won't help me? Not if I stay away from him. I'm not a murderer. I've never even met the man I'm supposed to kill. You say some of the children died? And how did Lamar become involved? You're talking about the precogs... Heal who? You don't seem all that proud. What's so funny? You can tell me how someone... could fake a prevision. I'm... not... a... killer. The what? I'm a little dizzy...Lara, I don't know why this is happening. I just know they're setting me up. I can't trust anybody. I don't know who to talk to or where to go... Lara? Are you there? Nothing. I didn't kill him. He's dead, Lara.No doubt. People want to believe in the system. That's the beauty of it... John -- You can't run -- John. Please. Listen to me -- John. Just tell me, who's Leo Crow? We're years from that. John, I'm asking you: please, come in, we'll shut down the system until we get this thing figured out. How could Witwer have accessed the case file? Then come to my house. We'll talk -- All right, John, just take a breath, let's think about this... And who the hell is that? Stop. Just wait. Who's the victim? Justice already knows. Talk to me, John. Tell me what's happening? No? How's an old man and a cop on the whiff ever going to stop them? You understand, John, that the minute Precrime goes national, they're going to take it away from us. What if Danny Witwer came to you right now and insisted on a full chem run? In the middle of the night? I hear you've been spending a lot of time in the sprawl. She's worried about you. And, quite frankly, so am I. Lara called me. He's not. He's looking for a flaw in us, John. So give him a tour. He doesn't know enough to ask the right questions. And you say the third prevision was, what, a little fuzzy or something? Tuck in your shirt. You can let him look around, answer his questions, but watch him. If there's any problems, make sure we know about it first. I need you to do two things for me. One, watch Danny Witwer. You understand that a week from now people are going to vote on whether or not what we've been doing down here has been some noble-minded enterprise or a chance to change the way this country fights crime. Don't apologize, John. And this is exactly the kind of behavior that will give them an excuse to do it. Has the observer from Justice shown up yet? Which makes this the worst possible time to show that we're only human. The nation votes this week... Tell me not to worry, John. All right. Tell you what I'll do. First thing Monday, I'll look over the Witwer evidence and I'll have Gideon run the Containment files, see if anyone drowned a woman named -- what did you say her name was? But I also know why he married you: you're as stubborn as he is. I understand. Sean -- We know why John was tagged. I don't know who that is. Who? I was, but this whole incident with John made me realize the fragility of what we've built here. This is John's legacy as much as mine and I want to protect that. It's insanity around here. I haven't worn this damn thing in years. I just wanted to make sure it fits before tonight. This is all my fault. Thank you. This is Burgess. How did you get this? My God... I'll be right there. Not. Now. Tell him not now. Nothing. No footsteps coming up the stairs. No hovercraft out the window. No clickity click of little spyders. No one crashing through that door. And do you know why I don't hear any of those things, Danny? Because right now, the Precogs can't see. Shhh. You know what I hear? Yes. We teach the tech's to identify them and disregard... Yes... It's called an echo. The act of murder is such a violent disturbance in the future continuum that it sometimes repeats to the Precogs. How? Danny, tell me what you're thinking. I know. He came to me, told me about the missing data stream. He was concerned that you might find it. I don't understand -- It's the same prevision. He told me about this. You got this from Containment? Good God. What was that? Where are you? What? I don't want John Anderton hurt. He's my subordinate! None of your damn business. The man lost a child, for Christ's sake... The Mets. John doesn't think they've got a deep enough pitching roster this year, and I'm inclined to agree.You're not gonna kill me... Kill me! If I tell you, my family gets nothing. Fake. He gave it to me. Now -- -- shoot me, Goddammit, before I lose my nerve! I don't know -- I never saw his face. All I know is, the next day I was out, so the guy must've had juice somewhere. Look, man, you gotta go through with this. Look, believe me, I know it's hard, but you gotta do it -- Look, I've put my family through enough misery. You gotta kill me! This way I can leave 'em something. You're supposed to kill me. He said you would. If you don't kill me, my family gets nothing! But you have to. They said you would. You're not gonna kill me? It floated back up. I had to take him out and -- I put him in a barrel and sunk him in the bay. ... and that I needed his help. It wasn't so bad really. I sang him a song, made him laugh, bought him a pretzel. I took care of him. I made him happy. Some -- somebody's father? Did I? I don't recall... I got lots of kids from that place --No, I wanna kill my boss! Right here. I wanna kill my boss.I'm setting up a timer. When it goes off tomorrow, take off your bandages and get the hell out of here. But not before then, or you'll -- Organic microbots that reconstruct the nerves and blood vessels. It'll feel like fleas chewing on your eyeballs. But whatever you do, don't scratch. I know you're in a hurry, so I juiced up the nano-reconstruction around your new eyes. It goes from the bathroom to the kitchen. Here -- There's food in the refrigerator. Make sure you drink a lot of water. How can I do what I do now? Let's just say I spent a lot of time in the prison library. And put them out. Some not as quickly as others, but let's change the subject, shall we? The future is much more interesting than the past. Don't you think? They were performance pieces. Yes, you did. Baltimore. Eastside. Solomon P. Eddie M.D. I was a plastic surgeon. Oh, yes. You don't remember me, do you? Tell you what, since you and I go way back, I'll give you my Old Pal discount. How's that sound? That's not much. Whatever you say, John. Why? And replace them with new ones. Anesthesia. Try to relax, John. I'm saying I'll have to remove your eyes. Completely. You do understand I can't just give you new irises. The scanners will read the scar tissue. Alarms will go off. Large men with guns will appear... Don't worry. I could cut open your chest, sew a dead cat in there and you'd never get an infection. Not with the spectrum of antibios I'll be shooting into you.You don't have to do this, Chief. Don't run, Chief. You know we'll catch you. You trained us. Victims are pronounced here. Killers here. We never touch anything. What he's doing now, we call "scrubbing the image", looking for clues as to where the murder's going to happen. Uh, sir... I wrote it down in your calendar, then left a message at your house -- Chief, the investigator from the Fed is here. Seventeen minutes. How many? I was a Treasury Agent for eight years. Why? They could have been put away. Anderton could have found them. I don't know, why? He can't download her without a lot of technical help. We can stop him. Two? No offense, sir, but why wouldn't he just run? They're everywhere. Here's where we're at. Three men in a room. The victims here. Anderton here, and this unidentified male out the window. The exterior of the adjacent building suggests public housing, but I can't make out the location. Government architecture is modern/conformist which means -- Sir, the team's gonna be light without those men. What?! Don't worry. I'll bring him in unharmed. Because of the nature of murder. "There's nothing more destructive to the metaphysical fabric that binds us than the untimely murder of one human being by another". The information we need is embedded in the grain of wood. And since each piece is unique, the shape and grain is impossible to duplicate. Crime of passion. No premeditation. They show up late. Most of our scrambles are flash events like this one. We rarely see anything with premeditation anymore. That's the Red Ball Alarm. Not after the vote next week. Once the Amendment passes, we go national, there's gonna be nowhere to run. This is Evanna, the team pilot. John Anderton was my friend! Why don't I feel like celebrating? Knott! I think you're swell company, Knott.It's actually kind of a rush. They say you get visions; that your life flashes before your eyes. That all your dreams come true. You're part of my flock now, John. Welcome. Looks like she was a neuroin addict like John Doe here, but I show an address history that includes the Beaton Clinic. Hey, you wanna know where the word came from, "glitch?" No... we have the two previsions from the twins right here, but... ... I can't pull up any data from the female. Probably just a glitch. Huh, we don't seem to have her data. On account of those are not his eyes. He had 'em swapped out to fool the scanners. Not to mention, "Saved by the bell". Hence the expression... I work graveyard, swing and day all by my lonesome. For that, we have to go for a ride. That's right. It's a combined data stream based on all three previsions. That's an old one. One of our first. This about the Justice Department? They laid on a tour for tomorrow a.m. Told me to wear a tie. You like this one? Kill type? I don't ever see any of you precops down here, I'm not in trouble am I? Yes, sir. I'm Gideon. The music relaxes the prisoners.I forgot my glasses. Sure. Raincheck. Ah. That must be why you look so nice. We could have lunch together. I'll reschedule. I've been working too much anyway. The man across the street. I've seen him before... He looks familiar.Sure, Chief. I think I'll grab one for myself while I'm at it... Any ID on the shooter yet? That was easy. I've got no address -- last known or otherwise -- no tax returns for the last five years. The victim's name is Leo Crow. Nope. Somebody's thinking about this one. We're in motion on something. Sir? Come on, Chief, you think about it, the way we work -- changing destiny and all -- we're more like clergy than cops. What? Go ahead. Yeah? So? The mall? Somewhere near the capital? From solar position, Trig & Image confirms it at approximately eight oh-four a.m. Got him in the Foxhall. 4421 Gainsborough. We can't grab it... We need confirmation on the time frame. Location still uncertain. Remote witnesses are hooked in... Red Ball -- double homicide: one male, one female. Killer's male, white, 40's.You "friend's" a murderer and he ruined our perfect record. Six years, not one damn murder... Cause all of a sudden you got no one you can fucking brown nose anymore. People, if you don't let the spyder scan you, we'll have to come in and arrest you. It's not at all that you don't trust me to be alone with the Chief. That you think I might, you know, fuck with him, if I had the chance... That's why you asked to partner with me on this little sortie, isn't it?Uh, I'll try... I guess that's all of it. Tell me how. Then take her to Radio Shack. I tell you what. I do this, I get to keep whatever images I get from her head. So? No. No way. I wouldn't even know where to begin! Those thoughts about my cousin Elena -- they were just thoughts. I would never -- I'm sorry for whatever I'm gonna do! And I swear, I didn't do any of the stuff I did! Are you reading my mind right now? She's a precog? I'm impressed, Anderton. You're on the lam, but you still got the time and energy to slice off a little jerky for yourself. Well, hello there, honey-pie. Well, hey, you didn't have to come all the way down here. For you, Chief, I make housecalls... Detective. Nice of you to come down here. Seeing as every cop in the world is looking for you right now. Jesus, what's up with your eye? Get the hell outta here. You sick bastard. Uh, yeah, being concert master of the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra is one of our most popular choices... Good. What I can do is set you up down in the -- Uh-huh. Okay. You got some images I can work with? Near Death's real popular right now, which includes everything from getting hit by a car, to falling off a high building to plane crashes. It's a big rush, you come out the other side without a heart attack.Hold your breath, Dad... I'm your son. I'm you. Good-bye, Dad... I know that. I know you would have done anything to find me. I know you would have died for me. The more you want to believe something, the easier it is to be fooled. Once I even told him I loved him. I feel bad about that. I need you to forgive me. The funny thing is, I started to believe he really was my Dad. No. He got tired of pretending. I lived for a year with a man who was pretending to be my father. He took me all over the world. Wanna hear something funny? You gotta have faith, Dad. Come on! Okay... now let me time you. I love you, too! I love you daddy. Love ya, dad. I won! I scored a goal!Okay. Fine. Where the hell is that? There's no way of knowing for sure. She could've forgotten whatever it is you're looking for... Oh... Hi, John. Do I know you? Who are you? To you? I don't think so... What'd she say? It could have been a nightmare... Sometimes they dream about the old murders. She grabbed you? Impossible. The Precogs aren't even aware of us. In the milk all they see is the future. Her pituitary dumped a week's worth into her system... What did you do to her? They're not in any pain. We keep their heads pretty well stocked with dopamine and endorphins. Plus, we maintain careful control over their serotonin levels -- don't want 'em to drift off to sleep, but they can't be kept too awake either. I can't touch you! And John, you can't be in here! You'll confuse them! Maybe if he'd taken one of the males. But the female, she's the key. She's the one they listen to, the one with the most talent. The one who takes care of the other two. You don't understand... they're a hive mind. It takes all three for their predictive abilities to work. What do you think? So he can kill whoever he wants to without anyone knowing about it. They've never been separated before. Shhh! They're sleeping.Possession alone will cost you six months, not to mention your badge. It seems I've found a flaw, John You. I'll write the paranoia off to the whiff you been doping on all night. I agree. The system is perfect. If there's a flaw, it's human. It always is. Thank you for the tour, Wally. Flaws. At least now you -- and I -- have the chance to make sure that kind of thing doesn't happen to anyone ever again. I don't know. He was shot and killed when I was fourteen on the steps of his church in Bethesda. Sorry. Old habit. I spent three years at Fuller Seminary before I became a cop. My father was a minister. Lutheran. The oracle isn't where the power is anyway. The power's always been with the priests. Even if they had to invent the oracle. But you call this room the "temple". I find it interesting that some people have begun to deify the precogs. I have a warrant in my pocket that says different. If it's a question of authority. So I'll be the first one to go in then? Really? You've never been inside? To them. Speaking of interfacing, I'd love to say hello. Then why can't they see rapes, or assaults... or suicides? You ever get any false positives? Someone intends to kill his boss or his wife, but they never go through with it. How do the precogs tell the difference? Yes. Because it was going to fall. But it's not the future if you stop it. Isn't that a fundamental paradox? You mind if I tag along? As I recall, they outlawed compression firearms in the District ten years ago. Your secretaries were all kind enough to give me a look around the office... What? Of course, it would have to be someone with access to the Prevision in the first place, someone fairly high up -- So there is a way to fool the system? Precog Deja Vu... By fooling the system. All someone would have to do is wait for Precrime to stop the murder from taking place, then, a few minutes later, commit the crime in exactly the same way. I'm thinking someone got away with murder. I did find it. It was inside of Agatha all this time. So the question is, why would someone want this erased from the data file? According to the Sentry, Anderton was watching this at Containment right before he was tagged. This murder is happening at two different times. Now the second image. Watch the water. The wind's changed. The ripples are going the other way. Not quite. Yes. This is from the twins, Arthur and Dashiel. Agatha's stream was missing. Now this one is from the cyberparlor. Anderton downloaded it directly from Agatha. Watch... Wait, just a second... I don't wanna say over the phone, but I think we may be chasing the wrong man. Lamar, I found something. Shall we call the Attorney General? I'm sure he'd be happy to clarify the issue for you. Oh, it's all my damn business now, Lamar. Investigation of a supervising office for a capital crime falls under federal jurisdiction... so as to rule out any possibility of conspiracy. He's my suspect. Six years ago. What did you two talk about yesterday afternoon? Why are you protecting him? You knew he was doping, yet you did nothing about it. He came to see you yesterday. Right before he got tagged. What did you talk about? None. This was arranged. I worked homicide before I went federal. This is what we would've called an "orgy of evidence". Do you know how many orgies I had as a homicide copy, Gordon? Treasury... Then this would be your first actual murder scene. What kind of cop were you before this? If you were a child killer, you took these pictures, would you leave them out on the bed for anyone to find? There a maid in this hotel? No. He can't... He's trying to prove his innocence. She's in the room with him when he kills Crow. She's already a part of his future. It doesn't matter. He wins. There are two others in the room besides Anderton and Crow. Because he thinks he's innocent. Anderton's smart enough to go where electronic billboards and other media can't ID him to pick his pocket. There's fewer consumers down there, which means fewer scanners to target him. There's thousands of units like this one. Yes, I know. Actually, Gordon, you're not gonna do that. I'm taking control of the team. Somehow, I don't think that was Walt Whitman. I'm sure you've all grasped the legalistic drawback to precrime methodology. People have gotten the message. Gum? Can't they shut that off? So if you wanna kill someone, you take him to Miami. Nice to meet you. Gum? But I've seen the three hundred hours of your image he's got stored away. To prevent a murder. Sooner or later, he's going to contact you. You know I need to use you. Lamar Burgess thinks that you left John because he lost himself in Precrime instead of you. Not very well, I'm sure. I'd probably start doping myself. Or maybe I'd... He took out his gun and sat down to watch his home movies. This is all in your statement, Lara... What was it then? You said in your divorce papers that he tried to kill himself. But John was with him at the pool? You mean after he lost your son. Have you been there recently? So you haven't seen his apartment? You ever heard him mention the name Leo Crow? Thank you. He hasn't tried to contact you? He's not here now, is he? Just sugar then. You and John ever come here? Cream and sugar. I like it. This your work? My name is Danny Witwer. I'm -- Jesus... Are you telling me they can't see murders anymore? Wally, the other two can still function, right? But there's still the other two. What does he want with a precog? Tell me how all this works. Nice to meet you, Wally.