FUCK YOU, I'M GONE! She's got your gun, that's what she's thinking! The FUCK you had to bring a gun for?! WHO THE FUCK BREAKS IN THROUGH THE NEIGHBOR'S HOUSE?! Hey man, it's the neighbor's house, who breaks in through the neighbor's house?! Not that one. Bullshit. Get the fuck away from me. -- posed to mean? Let me fucking finish this so we can get out of here. That's your problem. She's gonna handle it. It's not her fault, it's not her fault, the guy must have called them. Look, look, look, she's telling us. Are you gonna open the safe? Yeah, just like a half hour, maybe a little more, and your mom'll give it to you. You can wait a half hour, can't you? The hell does she want? Are you okay? Yeah. Yeah, I got an idea. I gotta check something. Okay, okay! Okay. I can't just... This is ridiculous... I can't... I can't. What? What do you want me to do? Please... Yes. Burning me. It's burning my eye. Me. I am. Stop it! Stop it! The fuck did you do that for?! Just sending a message. She'll get the point. Make her come out. And when she does, that's when we gotta be careful. She can't get out of this house. She can't even think she can get out of this house. We just keep them here and keep them quiet for forty-five minutes. And I don't want Joe Pesci here standing over them with his fat sweaty finger on the trigger. That's a sure way for us to end up with two dead bodies and little puffs of smoke burning out of our heads up in Greenhaven. So we're gonna seal the place up. They wanna hole up in here? Fine, we'll help 'em. Make it impossible for them to leave. Once they come out of that room. Who else but God could think this shit up? I spend ten years building those fucking rooms to keep people out, now I gotta figure out how to get in. God, man, He just loves the irony. God. She didn't. Peace out. I don't want Raoul to administrate that part. Not with me. Not with people. A woman and a little girl, both asleep upstairs. I mean it! You walk out that door and you lose your share of the money. We're not leaving. I'm getting in that room, and I'm opening that safe. What about us? Hey man, after all we went through I am not walking out when we're this close. Do me a favor and don't talk. Hey. Cell phone. Junior, you gigantic idiot, how are we supposed to get into the room if they pass out? They're gonna die in there! We're trying to scare them, not kill them! I did. Can't. Whole point. Can't get in the room. She lied. Cops woulda been here by now if she called 'em. Besides, Junior cut the phones. I'm afraid to let you think, Junior. Things get worse when you think. Oh, that's gonna help. When you said you'd let 'em go I thought she'd come running right out for sure. Got her right where you want her, Junior. Pure idiot. Yeah. Kidnapping. The fuck did you bring a gun for? What tables? I've never seen him before. Where did you get this clown? Asshole. What about us? What if she has a gun? She'll call the cops, they'll be here before I get unpacked. Unless Daddy comes back later. This is insane. I'm outta here. Who is this guy? You're an idiot. Exactly how is fourteen days almost three weeks? That's why the key didn't work, they changed the locks. This was your department, Junior. Keep your voice down. I know.The sentence that started "There are three." What was the rest? May I ask what the rest of that sentence was going to be? Your husband says you said "There are three..." right before you got cut off. You don't look so good. Can we come in? We'd like to come in. Can we come in? 'Bout four o'clock. Everything okay?Not at all. Reinforced steel core walls. Buried phone line, completely separate, not connected to the house's main line and never exposed throughout the house's infrastructure or outside the house -- you can call the police; nobody can cut you off. Your own ventilation system, complete with oxygen scrubber, so you've got plenty of fresh air for as long as you like. And a bank of video monitors -- It's quite in vogue in high end construction right now. One really can't be too careful about home invasion. Could the child please stop that? Master closet. I hardly see how family gossip is germane to showing the property. Master bath. Third floor, spare bedroom, den, what have you. Mr. Pearlstine used it as an office. I don't have to tell you there is an acute shortage of living space in Manhattan right now and this is a highly unique property. One day you will learn to respect other people's time, Lydia, one day you -- Push that button for me, will you? That's highly inappropriate. Everything's spring-loaded, even if the power's out it's fully functional. A safe room. An inner sanctum. A castle keep, in medieval times. Working elevator. Mr. Pearlstine, the previous owner, was disabled the last ten years of his life. Highly unusual, the elevator, you will not find this in ninety percent of brownstones.Adios. Yeah, whatever. Lookin' doubtful there, Big Guy, but ten out of ten for attitude. Close? Are you insane? We're nowhere near close! Fuck this, I'll make an anonymous phone call on Monday, they'll find the floor safe, and I'll inherit the shit. Little piece of it, anyway, it's better than nothing. Jesus, what was I thinking? And we're never getting in. She's never coming out. Shit! Nobody is gonna die, man, will you please have the balls to follow through with a good idea? Think about it, what would you do if you were them, stay in there and choke to death, or come out?! Huh? We're just getting them to come out for forty-five minutes, forty-five fucking minutes! The worst that's gonna happen is they pass out, we drag 'em out here into the fresh air, and they'll be fine. They're coughing. Be quiet. Open it. Yes. Yes, it's all terrible ironic and amusing. You fuck. Now how are you gonna get us into that room? She said she did. Okay, fuckball, you think. What are we gonna do? Shut up and let me think. Shut up. I am. I'm an idiot's son. An idiot's grandson. I'm third- generation idiot. But for once in my life I had a good idea, and I'm not giving up so easy. You are? Are you actually telling me that for the first time in your life you're gonna throw your cards on the table and go home early? I can't believe my eyes. Fourteen million dollars upstairs, Burnham. You'll be out of the hole. Baby, you'll be so far out of the hole you could draw bricks every night for the next twenty years and still shit green. Come on, Buddy. One more hand. Not if we keep 'em here. You can't kidnap somebody in their own house. It's just breaking and entering, unless we take 'em someplace. Or something like that, I'm pretty sure. It's still a good plan. It's just... got a twist. Different tables. I met him at the tables, same as you. And frankly, I'm grateful we have a little muscle right about now. A guy shows you a gun, Burnham, and you insult him? Hey, who's the idiot? Huh? Raoul, what in God's name do we do if she has a gun? They won't get hurt. So we keep an eye on her. Raoul can totally administrate that part. Forty-five minutes. That's all you said you need. That's like nothing. Daddy's not coming back, she's in the middle of a divorce, it's just the two of them. We're okay, here. We can do this, right? Raoul is cool. That's all you need to know. I mean, right? Isn't it? Fourteen business days. Escrow is always business days. Fourteen day escrow, man, that's almost three weeks! They shouldn't be here for another week! They don't own this house yet! They're not supposed to be here! They're not supposed to be here! Fuck! Fuck. Observe. Suit yourself. We're leaving. What is this shit you're talking all of a sudden? You're a bus driver, "Homes," you live in Flatbush, so please don't start spouting some Elmore Leonard shit you just heard because I saw that movie too, No, you will not, because without Burnham there's no way in hell we're gonna get into that safe, so as far as I'm concerned he can paint your ass blue and run it up a flagpole and you won't lay a finger on him, you understand me? That's right, Raoul, it wasn't your idea, none of this was your idea, it was mine, it's my family we're ripping off, it's my prick grandfather who built that fucking room, it was my idea to get the plans, I found the floor safe, and it was my idea to ask a guy who builds these rooms to help break into one! Me, me, me, I, I, I, at no point did I say "you" or Raoul," got it? "Half?" What did you, take a nap in math class? Three people, three shares, one third. Four point six six six repeating. We're not gonna do anything about him, he's fine. He's right, we can't get into the room if they're dead! Cut it back a little bit. Wait a minute, wait a minute. We can still handle this. Can we still handle this? It's okay, Raoul.YOU KNOW HOW THIS IS GONNA GO! We've got the Kid! WE'VE GOT YOUR KID!! What the fuck is she thinking?! NOT THAT ONE?! The walls are steel, right? You know how this gotta end. The kid in here. The other two when we come out. You're here with me, you're already on the hook for one. Buy one, you get the rest for the same price. You know that. You finish. Then we finish. That's their problem. She better. She's fuckin' crazy, she killed the kid! She just killed her own kid! You're wasting your fucking time, man, you're wasting my time. You don't know how to do this, and the longer we stay in here, the more likely she's gonna lose it and call the cops! Yeah. She can. She's fine, she's just like, tired, she's gotta rest. You rest, Kid. Half an hour. I don't know, she keeps screamin' the same thing over and over. Hurry up, for Christ's sake! You got an idea? Th -- Two. Squeeze harder. One. Squeeze. You got till the count of three. Then you end up like him. You can. You're full of ideas. You just need to squeeze one out. What do you think? Get us into that room. Remember that. I have the gun. That's right. Who's the clown now? Huh?! Who's the fucking clown now?! Fuckin' asshole, thinks he knows me. Drives his German car up to 125th Street a couple of times, buys a few rounds, thinks he's a tough guy, thinks he knows me. You don't know one thing about me! You should see the look on your face. He said open it. So what the fuck are we supposed to do?! There is not one thing funny here. What the fuck is funny about this? What if she called the cops? You're welcome. No problem. You're fuckin' A we can do this. What? Nobody leaves. The hell we are. Don't take no tone of voice with me, Homes. He puts his hands on me again I'll bury a slug in his ear. I'm just saying, the man is a problem. And he's your problem. Wasn't me idea to bring him along. If you think I'm gonna let my half of the fourteen million bucks slip away because of -- No fucking way. It's just the woman and the kid? Watch your mouth.