No, no, no. Ok, bye-bye. Yes, I'll be there. Well, I can't talk though -- I have a few people here, I can't really chat right now. I'm just working....I have some customers here..... Hello, Karen. I'm just working. This is Barry. D&D Mattress Man. Somewhere in Utah. Ok. Thank you. Do you realize that the monetary value of this promotion and the prize is potentially worth more than the purchases? So, just to clarify, I'm sorry: Ten purchases of any of your Healthy Choice products equals five hundred miles and then with the coupon the same purchases would value one thousand miles -- It's hard to understand because it says in addition to but I can't exactly understand in addition to what because there's actually nothing to add it too... I'm looking at your advertisement for the airline promotion and giveaway? ...yes I'm still on hold... -- all I want is the number of where she's staying and that should be god damn good enough, now stop treating me this way, please -- Just Give Me The Number Elizabeth Please Now I think I will kill you if you don't. There is no reason for you to treat me like you do -- you're killing me, you are killing me with the way that you are towards me -- I just want to know where she's staying. I....please don't do this. ......she forgot her purse at my work and I wanted to get it back to her. Do you know where she's staying in Hawaii? ....she didn't, I didn't ask her out? Nothing. I'm just at work and I'm wondering, you know your friend Lena? Goodbye. I have no idea. It's not mine. Yeah I can't. I didn't ask him that. He's lying. What? I don't know. I'm not being scared, you're just going to rag me if I do this -- I don't do that. I don't - things like that. I feel really on the spot now. It's fine, but -- I'm gonna call you back. I'm sorry. I have work, I can't leave. Yeah I can't. I don't know. I'm not, I'm very happy. No. Well I'm glad you didn't, thank you. Did I say that? Hello everyone. Well, yeah, thank you, but -- I know. Yeah, no, it's not, it's just -- ...please, I just don't want it.... Please don't. I don't think I'm going to the party. Yes but I get tense and I feel like I can't be myself if that happens. Yeah but please don't do that: everyone would be looking at me. Yeah, but please don't do that. Well I don't want to do something like that. Oh yeah no I don't want to do that. Yes, indeed, yes I am. Hello. Hello? She is. I think, why did you come here like this? No I'm sorry, now I have to get off the phone.... I have to go. This is not cool. This is....illegal....I'll call the police. I didn't lie. I know I did. But I don't. I don't have a girlfriend -- This makes me very uncomfortable. No. No. We got disconnect -- why?.....you're calling me at work....how did you get this number -- ? Hello? ....what....? No. I'm sorry. Yes I can't....I don't make enough money to be able to do that. You have trouble, financial trouble? Yes, no, yes. I can't. I can't afford that. I'm sorry. Sorry. I know but I....how much is it? I can't really. Yeah, no. I mean. I can't afford it. Me? Yes. Uh-huh. Yes. Not very late. I'm going to work. Yeah. No. It's ok. What's goin' on? Hi....what....what's up....? I'm fine. Who is this? Hello? Ok. SEXY VOICE Yeah...that's it...God I Am So Horny...I wish I was there to help you.....I wish I was there for you, Barry. No. I do pretty good, I think. I wish I was making more, doing a little bit better. I can,t get over a certain hump. I will...I will crack something soon I think and really do better...I'd like to diversify...but I'm doing great, I think, as a start. I have my own business....I work. I work hard at doing my business. You sound very cute, very nice. Sometimes when I'm lonely. ...yeah..... She's...not here...she went out. She went out of town, she travels a lot. ...yes... No. It doesn't matter. Really? Well. I have no way of knowing. So it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Really? No. ...just talking to you.... ....no.... Sure. No. No, I mean, what city, what state are you in? Where are you? No. Nothing. Hi. This is Jack. Yes. Hello, this is Back. If you give me six to eight weeks I can redeem the mileage and then I can with you wherever you have to travel...... Ok. I'm sorry. Lena I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry that I left you at the hospital..... I called a phone sex line. I called a phone sex line before I met you and then these four blond brothers came after me and you got hurt and I'm sorry -- and I had to leave because I don't want you to get hurt again and now I'm here and I'm back and I have a lot of pudding that I can redeem in six to eight weeks and if you give me that much time I can get enough miles to fly with you wherever you have to go if you have to travel for your job because I don't want to be anywhere without you.....can you please let me redeem the mileage? Let's go to the hospital. Yes I'm sorry. Are you ok? I thought that you were anyway. Yeah. I forgot about that. That's right you travel so much. How many times have you been on an airplane? I don't have any business here. I came here for you, I didn't have any business. For what? This is nice. This is funny. IIIIIIIIIII don't want to hurt anything ever, but what I'm talking about is -- have you ever held a little puppy or a little kitten and it's just the cutest, softest, most precious thing in the world and out of the blue you get this feeling in your gut and all you wanna do is squeeze it. Just fuckin squeeze the shit out of it. To take a little puppy and smash its skull...just so precious, so beautiful. Just so god damn wonderful and cute you wanna smack it and kick it and love it. Fuck. I don't know. I don't know. And you, you.....I'm looking at you and I just....your face is so beautiful I just wanna smash it, just smash it with a sledgehammer and squeeze it...you're so pretty. I know what you mean, I know what you mean, I get this feeling -- What's that? What is that that you're doing? Do you wanna have sex? This really looks like Hawaii here. Yeah......yeah..... Ok. Where are you from originally? Ok. So you were married for how long? Where you married? I just wanted to make sure. You don't have a boyfriend or anything do you? I'm calling you, I'm standing in my hotel room, I came because I have my business trip -- Yes. It's Barry. Lena? Have a good trip. I don't freak out. I don't, no matter what my sisters say, ok? I don't freak out very often. I'll see you later. That was good. So what do I do then? Really? Hi. This is Barry. Ok. Have a good trip. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know, we'll see about that. Yeah. It was nice to see you again, to see your face again, to go out with you -- Ok....well...I'm gonna go. Yes no not really. Yes? I'm trying. ...yes I did...? What? Well, it's fine. Thank you. Yes I'm fine. Everything is ok. It's fine. Everything is fine. There's a better place for us to eat. I have a better idea of where we can go. Nothing. Nothing. Yes. My friend Carlos is doing it who works with me. It's his. It's his pudding, he's doing it. It's not mine. He's crazy. I told him not to do it. He's the one who's insane. He only spent about one hundred dollars so far though -- No I didn't say that. ....No.... ....yeah.... You see if you spent $3,000 dollars on pudding you could earn over one million frequent flyer miles. You see? That's what's used to redeem the mileage, so in noticing the pudding, each cup had an individual bar code -- in other words: Two dollars and fifty cents for ten cups of pudding is 500 miles. Add in the coupon: it's one thousand. You see? -- the promotion says: buy any 10 Healthy Choice products and get 500 miles of airline travel or 1,000 for purchases made with a special coupon. So in the supermarket, you notice their products, first you notice they have a Teriyaki Chicken Dinner at $1.79 - that's a pretty good deal....but then I noticed they had soup at 89 cents a can.....and you start to do the math and you start to notice that it's a really amazing deal because I stumbled across the pudding at 25 cents a cup. Now the crucial thing is the bar codes on the label. That's those little bar codes, you know? The universal product codes? ....I'm sorry....I lost my thoughts, what I was saying.... So that pudding was bought, I bought that pudding because of a pretty interesting promotion that's sponsored by Healthy Choice and American Airlines. It's designed to encourage airline travel and obviously designed to encourage buying Healthy Choice products. They make frozen meals, deli meats, pasta sauce, breads, soups and ice creams, this sort of thing..... That's nice. It's nice. I've been looking around a lot lately at promotional giveaways, cross promotional work by some companies. Do you remember all that pudding? Did you really come to meet me on purpose or are you lying about that? You like her? How long have you known her? That's very nice. Thank you. Thank you for saying that. You're friends with my sister? ...really? That's nice...are you lying? It's Barry. ....Hi..... Alright? I didn't ask anyone for a shrink, that was someone else. Also: This pudding is not mine. Also: I'm wearing a suit because I had a very important business meeting this morning and I don't have a crying problem. This is funny. Sure. Sure. Sure. Ok. -- yeah that would be great, if I was gonna go but I'm not exactly sure, I have so much goin on here -- A lot depends on this thing I might do here and if that happens I can't go and if it doesn't happen then I probably will, but I doubt it. -- I'm probably not gonna go though. I was, yeah, I was thinking about going there for business -- That's great -- Hawaii. I was thinking about going there. Are you guys hurt? It's ok. That's ok. How long have you worked with Elizabeth? That's not mine it's one of the guys that works here. That pudding's not mine. That must be nice. That must be really, really, really great. Do you have brothers or sisters? Yes. LENA Elizabeth has a picture of you guys -- your sisters and you, it's a lot of family, it must be nice. Yeah, not really. No. Not at all. It's nice. It's fine. It was fun, though. Yes I do. Hi. Ok. Thank you. Yeah. I think that'll be fine. Not very well. I don't know. I don't know. They don't get opened until eight. No. Bye. Ok. Ok...because of the time difference if you needed to call me early? If you wanted to call me back I could... Did you have my home phone number? It's a plastic, yeah. ....I'm not exactly sure what that means... Can I pay you here? Can I pay you for our drinks and salad? Sorry. Please don't do this to me. Yeah, but I didn't do anything. I didn't do it. Why? I know. Why? ...what? I didn't do that. On my knife. I cut myself. I don't know. No. No. Yeah. Why? I thought I was just gonna be connected to talk to a girl - that's fine, ok, I'm sorry, it's, um.....818.... No I just....I don't want to, I just want to be connected to talk to a girl. I just don't want anyone to know it's me. Can you say that my name is Jack? 337-09-9876. But I don't want anyone to know my name. 337.....I'm sorry.... -- and this is confidential? What's that for? Barry Egan. .....1274 Moorpark. Sherman Oaks, California. #4. 91403. ...3407 2627 3444 8095 expiration 05/04. It's....confidential, the call, my information is private. ......and this is confidential? Can I ask how much is this? Yes it is. Hello, how are you? Thank you. Can we agree that that is that? Yes I did. I'm a nice and reasonable man. I didn't do anything wrong. Please don't make me hurt you. And I'm telling you: that if you ever hurt me or if you hurt someone that I love.....I will hurt you many, many, many times over.....because it's not right to take people's trust. YOU FUCK OFF. YOU FUCK OFF AND DIE I WILL HURT YOU FOR HURTING HER. YOU HURT HER. NO. NO. DON'T YOU SAY THAT. You are bad. You are a bad person. you are a bad person and you have no right to take people's confidence in your service -- YOU GO FUCK YOURSELF. YOU GO FUCK YOURSELF. YOU GO FUCK YOURSELF. MY LOVE WAS HURT, SHE GOT HURT. I AM IN LOVE WITH HER AND YOU HURT YOU AND YOU ARE GONNA FUCKING GET HURT. YOU DON'T TOUCH HER, I LOVE HER. I haven't even told you what's happened. Your girl that you have that works there for you threatened me and two men just chased me -- extorted money -- DEAN Go fuck yourself that shit doesn't have anything to do with me - this is a legitimate bossiness. What? Hello, my name is Barry Egan and I called your service -- ....I have seven. .....Well yes I do.... But one more thing I wanted to tell you guys about the new plungers is that we're making the handles now in a non-breakable material called..... Sorry about that. Yes.....we do ask for....30 to 60 days.... We back our plungers 100% and we do ask for a 30 to 60 day display on the floor..... I don't know if there's anything wrong with me because I don't know how other people are.....Sometimes I cry a lot.....for no reason. I don't have anyone to talk to things about and I understand it's confidential with a doctor - I'm embarrassed about that and I don't want my sisters to know? I know that. Maybe you know other doctors? I don't like the way I am sometimes. Can you help me? WALTER Barry, I'm a dentist, what kind of help do you think I can give you? I wanted to ask you because you're a doctor, right? And I'm sorry that I did that. Well I'm sorry. Before... That was weird. I meant good. Business is very food, thanks. ELIZABETH What's very food? Hi Walter. Fine, thank you. That's not true. That's not true at all. You said that your name was Georgia and you said our conversation was confidential and I trusted you and you kept calling and asking me for money, c'mon now I want to talk to your owner, your supervisor, whoever runs this, you understand. Please connect me now. My name is Barry Egan and I spoke to you....you called me, you remember? No, no, no, no, nO, NO, NO! How am I supposed to know what to do if you don't say it -- if it's not in your rules and regulations in your fine print how am I supposed to know how to be with this -- I had this whole thing in my head, I was gonna be able to get this to you today -- I have to leave today -- No, no, no, no, no. What do you mean? It doesn't state anywhere about six to eight weeks. Well I had to go to Utah...but now I'm here and I'll be right back. Let's just figure that out later -- Ok. I gotta go. I'm just gonna go now and I'll call you from there, you're in charge 'till I get back. And don't tell my sisters anything? He exits. ....now: this pudding? That's funny. You know you can get places in the world with pudding. That's funny. Alright: And I have to go and buy some more pudding for this trip to Hawaii and as I just said that out loud I'm realizing it sounds a little strange but it's not. So can you come and help me out? Yeah but you can't tell my sisters that. I'm going to go to Hawaii but you can't tell my sisters that. Ok. Well. I'm gonna go out of town. I'm going to go out of town just for two days... ....I made a call..... ....and, uh.... I think I got in trouble. A little bit of trouble.... I have to talk to you in a second about that, Lance, ok? I'll tell you...the guy...with...just talk to me later about it, ok? ...I'll tell you later. It's not a piano. LANCE! LANCE! MAKE SURE THAT YOU CALL THAT GUY IN TOLEDO. Let's just leave it there for now. No thanks. No.........but airline miles are just like a currency these days. That's part of a very interesting airline promotion giveaway that's really tremendous. I'm going to start a collection of pudding and coupons that can be redeemed for frequent flyer miles through Healthy Choice and American Airlines -- Hi, Lance. ...it just....I don't know....I don't know. I don't know. I think it's a piano....a small piano. ....yes..... Um....I bought one. I thought maybe it would be nice to get dressed for work, can I show you something? Yes I'm fine. Hey...Lance....can I..... You know, please, I just wanna say that I didn't say I would help her out; I was very clear about it....I don't think that this is fair.....wait, wait, wait, ouch, ouch..... Alright, alright. No. Yes. Yes. Nothing....I mean, really...change, nothing....that's the cash I have.... It's three hundred and twenty dollars, just take it. Just take it, take the money in my pockets, take it, it's fine -- Whoa...whoa...wait, wait -- don't please.... Please don't do this. Wait a minute -- What? Hi. I'm sorry, I know. I know that it's.... Each pudding cup has to be scanned individually so that...it's for a giveaway...a product giveaway by this company... Yes. Sorry. I'm sorry. They need to be scanned individually. They each have a bar code, so I need it scanned individually so that each and every cup appears on the receipt... Yes, yes, right. I don't really remember that. I won't. I'll see you there. Ok. I know. I know. I know. I know. Ok. I know. I won't. Seven o'clock. I'm just talking on the phone to you and standing. Nothing. Yes I am. Hi, Kathleen, I'm just working. This is Barry.How many sisters do you have? I didn't know you had a sister? I think you have a call? You do guaranteed sale? etc.Ok. This is what you get when you're a pervert -- you said you'd help someone out and you didn't so we're just getting some money for her and that's that. HEY. You made a fucking sex call and now you're gonna pay. It's not a big thing -- just give us some money and then it's over -- we'll just walk down to the ATM and get your money out -- You have another house somewhere or something? Is this where you live? You have an ATM? What do you have in the house? How much money do you have in your pockets? It's just you need to give me the money...do you have it right now? No, no, no, no c'mon man, don't make it a thing -- You made a phone call and you said you'd help a girl out and then you didn't....I'm here to get the money. You gotta give me some money. I need to talk to you for a second. Hey. Can we maybe ask for more money on this? Ok. It's....whatever....that's not cool. I thought Latisha said you would -- As soon as you want. That's cool.That's that. You came all the way from Los Angeles to tell me that? You just told me to fuck off. That wasn't good. You're dead. I'll say whatever I want -- You better watch your mouth, cunt, you're gonna get hurt. Now are you threatening me, dick? CALM DOWN SHUT THE FUCK UP AND CALM DOWN SHUT SHUT SHUT UP SHUT UP -- I said calm down and shut the fuck up. What's your problem? Why don't you shut the fuck up? Who is this? That's it. This is this place called Ace Vintage, you gotta find it, I don't know exactly where this is and I don't understand these maps so just go there and check it out. It's a '61 AC Cobra that this old guy says is fine, but I need to figure out why he's only asking 23 for it. So take a look, the whole thing, call me about that, if it seems alright then I'll head down there and check it out. David, Don't. Just. Seriously. It doesn't make sense if you think about it in a fair deal like sense. Ok? It's business. Seriously. One hundred dollars for two days work is a lot more than your family is making sitting around your house. I'm serious now. Ok. Please. Now. Just stop. -- she didn't know what she was talking about -- Your expenses are your own. I want you to go right away, I think that's best. I also need you to check out a car for me down there that this guy is selling. When can you leave? Shut up, just put him on the phone, it doesn't matter, just shut up -- Put him through. What did you say? Hello? What's the problem? ...keys for the track. You have to gas it up and save the receipts on that. His address. We have a business address too if you need that -- but hit him at his house first, see what this little bad boy is all about and shake him up -- give him a little doe-see-doe -- I'm only paying two of you guys.Where you been? Yeah. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Wow, you're goin' to Hawaii, that's great -- you're goin -- ? Where you goin? What happened? What's up? You talkin' to me about Ramada Inn? Which guy in Toledo are you talking about? WHICH? So what should I do with the pudding? You should go on a trip. You're goin' on a trip? What's with all this pudding, what is this? Good morning, Barry.... Why is it here? Barry....Barry? That's not a piano.....I have a piano at home.....where'd you get it? What is this? Yeah.....you got here early huh? Why you wearin' a suit? You ok? Hey, good morning, Barry.That's fine. The police are on their way. I'm gonna call the police then, sir. Alright, well you're gonna have to leave. You're gonna have to go. Sir, I have no way of proving that you demolished the bathroom -- I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. Your hand is bleeding. Sir, a young man saw you coming out of the bathroom. How? You're hand is bleeding. Well who did? You didn't just smash up the bathroom? Did you do it? Just have you for one second, please.What's the listing? What city? It's extension 215 if you want to try me back. I don't know...I mean: I don't know. That's it. I think that's a type-o then, that would be a mistake. This is "Fly With Us?" And what was this?It takes time to process -- I'm sorry. It takes that much time to process the order and make sure it's valid --Ok, bye, bye. It's fine. I can just get you at your office. I'm fine, I have your work number. For what? Right. Alright, lemme call you first thing tomorrow, I'm gonna run the numbers, see what's what and I'll give you a call back -- If they break or something. What is it, plastic?You want a number for a psychiatrist, I can get you one, that's not a problem. but what exactly is wrong? Like a psychiatrist? Yeah. It's alright. Mhm. What's up? Maybe you said that because you're hungry..... Yeah. How's business? How you doin' Barry?