All for show. Just a psychological mind game to get you to do the right thing. On come on, X. Did you really think we were that barbaric? You know what they say, the only way to change the system is from the inside. Cut the crap, X, I saw you down there. You're a hero. Don't be afraid to join the good guys. You've kept up your end of the bargain, I'll do the same. But you really should consider staying on, you make a decent agent. Thought you bought the farm down there, X. Glad as hell to see you. Somebody else makes those decisions, not guys like you and me. You've done your job, X, head back to Prague. I'll be landing in 90 minutes. This is my operation now. Yeah, that's right. So now that you know, you understand why it's important that we get it back. Silent Night is the name of a top secret binary nerve agent. The glass canister is shot into the air and detonated. The black and white chemicals mix, forming a toxic cloud. When it settles down to Earth, it'll kill everything in the vicinity. Yes it does. I'm on the way with a team to relieve you. What's the latest? You're a grungy little phoenix, you know that? Keep up the good work. I'm gonna be en route with a team shortly to relieve you. Just keep the pressure on until the cavalry arrives. And X? You done yourself proud helping those people today. This is good work, X, damn fine work. You need to press on at all costs, find out what they have planned with this "Ahab". You did say "Ahab"? You're sure about that? My friend, if you're planning on crossing me... That information is classified. You're there to gather information on their operations, period. We're not after car thieves here. One point two million dollars? I did not authorize you to spend one point two million dollars! If you're trying to push my buttons, you're on the right track. Don't make me question my own judgment, X. Just remember, I'll be watching. Crude and defiant as always, Triple X. It fits so well because you're obscene. I expect you to call in regularly with progress reports. Wherever you go on the planet, I'll find you. There's no quitting. If you try to take it off, a ring of needles will inject enough curare into your bloodstream to kill you before you hit the ground. Is all that clear? What's with that "X" on the back of your head? Does that mean you're "extreme"? I've got some news for you, Mr. X, you're a three time loser. So maybe you should tattoo another couple of X's on your head. If you find out what I want to know, and if I'm able to successfully use that information, you get to go back to your degenerate little life. If not, you take a bath. There's some folks I want to keep tabs on. Dirty, tattooed, uncivilized. Your kind of people. That's too bad. I thought a guy like you would appreciate the challenge. You're an adrenaline junkie with one foot in the penitentiary. You risk your ass building a daredevil myth that means nothing and you're not getting any younger. You're perceptive too. I forgot to add that to the list of surprises. I'm with the National Security Agency. And unlikely as it may sound, I need your help. You've really got me confused, Cage. On the one hand you showed leadership, courage under fire, a willingness to protect men you hardly knew... and on the other you have an arrest record that pegs you as near sociopathic. Help me out here. I'm not following your evolution. Good thing you were there to save the day. Come walk with me. Congratulations, you've just graduated at the head of your class. You know what I hate? It's always the assholes that pass the tests. Sure as gravity. I've had a feeling about you from the start, Cage. It's nausea. You've got this wrong. You're not under arrest, you've been abducted. And until I say different, you belong to me. Oh I don't know, I think the tests work pretty well. Sometimes they give me answers you wouldn't admit to in a million years. Why is that? Alright, Cage, you've got me. This is one of those moments. "Many are called, few are chosen", that kind of thing. Your government needs you. Are you up for the challenge? It's your lucky day. You just might get the chance to pay back our wonderful country for all the freedom you enjoy. Whether you thought this was for real or not, you jumped in and helped the waitress on instinct. That tells me something about your character. Most guys we ran through this either took off or helped them rob the place. I expected you to do the same. Looks like a diner. The name's Gibbons. You were saying? So the odds are up to fifty-fifty? I can deal with that. He's gotten closer in 24 hours than all of the other operatives combined. He got us an account number to boot. Now even if he's just dumb and lucky, I say we back his play. I put him out there, Sam. If he doesn't come up with the money, they'll kill him. I can't let that happen. If it means getting Silent Night back, absolutely. I think we should send him whatever he wants. That's exactly why we need them. But programmable. And expendable. The usual prospects. Convicts, contract killers, murde... You wanna find out about rats, ask a rat. I've had my people put together a talent pool. I downloaded it to your desktop. I'll go in with a team. But first I'm going to need some intel. I'll have to put someone inside, someone new, someone they won't see coming. One of their own. We're gonna have to step in, Sam. Those CIA boys couldn't find a clown in a field of cactus. Let me take care of it. They're ruthless and they have a lot of firepower. It's only a matter of time before they figure out how to deploy Silent Night. Then we're gonna have a catastrophe on our hands. Not a whole helluva lot. His final transmission was mangled. About something or someone called "Ahab". Whatever it is, it cost him his life.Now you're gonna make me enjoy this, funny guy. Now I'm gonna take the whole foot off. Whatchu think of that? You saving me? You talking pretty tough for a guy got himself chained to the ceiling. We seen this kind of parachutes before, you know. U.S. Army. You got some friends here, jump out with you guys? That's some accident, hombre. You accidentally fall out of a plane in the middle of the night and land up in my back yard. Whatchu doing here?He gets to be the hero. Oh. I bet by the end he gets something out of it. What do you get if you finish? What weapons do you have? "Anarchy" 99"? This guy's kinda dorky lookin'. Naturally. Do they have any special powers? The bosses always have special powers. What game is that?Alright, do what you want. But keep the screws on him. He's a wild card. That could be either good or bad. Why not? You were going to throw him in a tub full of acid, weren't you? You're talking about a very expensive risk here. You what? A wire transfer of this size? Ridiculous. Cut him off. I'm sorry Gibbons, you pulled up a shark this time. They're degenerates. There's not a man in there that would give a damn if the Chinese took over. I've seen enough. Turn it off. The scum of the Earth. So you'll dredge the bottom again. You've done that before. The results were... uneven. How will you fix it? Silent Night in the hands of a bunch of impertinent cowboys He was the best there was. That makes three agents lost. What do you have?You're wrong about that. I'm heading out that door right now. You can't just propose to me out of nowhere. You think that's going to solve our problems? I'm sorry, X. It was a kick for a while, but it's over. You're just not going anywhere. This is so typical. I can't believe you. I've barely seen you for the last three weeks and now this? Are you out of your mind? You're serious? What...? It's not about the money, X! You never plan for anything. I can't live like that anymore, I need some stability. French Polynesia? This wouldn't last us a week in a cheap hotel. Do you know how expensive it is down there? You have all this talent, and you waste it. You won't take a single endorsement deal. Meanwhile those other guys have their own video games! But no, you've got too much "integrity" for that. You run around with maniacs jumping motorcycles in the desert, you break 36 bones crashing wave runners and snowboarding off cliffs, all with no health insurance... It's insane, I can't take it anymore. I'm through, Xander.They came and found me. They said they'd kill me unless I help them. Plus they offer me a lot of money. No big deal. These things happen. Dump your gun on the floor. Oh come on, don't feel bad. You got played, so what? You're new at this. Did you think you could just stroll into this business one day and have all the angles figured out? Sorry, "dude". Is this what you're looking for? You killed me, remember? Now I have to hide out here with you. Where have you been? I'll leave you two alone to talk. The corner. Anarchy 99. You're here because your government is putting pressure on my government. This is an internal affair, a Czech affair, that you are interfering with. I will warn you once: Don't shit in my lawn. Get whatever information your government seeks and get our. My name is Slovo, Czech secret police. When you are here you are under my jurisdiction, you take my orders, you do what I say. If you become any kind of an inconvenience, I'll shoot you. Sit down.You're a jerk-off, you know that? No needles, huh? What about the acid bath? Oh yeah? Why don't we start by taking this thing off my ankle? The poison needles? Who says you're the good guys? But I hate cops, remember? Except for her. I'm pretty happy to see me too. So are you done with me yet? We don't have that kinda time, boss, I don't think Prague's gonna be around much longer. I've gotta go now. I've got a lot of bad guys to kill. Kinda funny, though, isn't it? We're not supposed to be making weapons like that anyway. Guess we shoulda played by the rules. Jesus Christ, Gibbons, this is something we came up with? Come on, Gibbons, you can do better then that. They retrofitted Ahab with some kind of rocket launcher. They were loading canisters of liquid into it, light colored and dark colored in the same tube but separate. Something tells me this it that "classified" stuff you didn't want me to know about. Does the song "Silent Night" mean anything to you? Snow covered fortress. Army of bad guys. The usual. You ain't seen nothing yet. Thanks. Hey, one miracle at a time. They're on to me now, remember? Yeah, I sent you pictures. Here's what I'm thinking. If they take out the cameras and sensors, they could probably put a bomb in this thing. You drop it in the water in the Red Sea and three weeks later it's swimming up the Potomac. I know, poison needles in my shins. You've got 36 hours. Peace, out. Call me crazy, but I thought hooking up a million dollar deal was a great way to get on their good side. What else? You gonna hassle me about the weapons and spy stuff too? What the hell am I after? You're telling me dick. I'm already on a first name basis with these dudes, I got a deal set up, you want me to hammer it or not? Buddy, you sent me here to get close to their organization, that costs money. I guess you got my E-mail. I set up a purchase. Ten cars. Is that all? Up yours. Fine, but I'm not gonna be no Bulldog Omega 5. Yeah, I spy or I die. How about a pedicure as long as you're down there. What's this? Lo-Jack? Not bad for a gimp. You're one sick bastard. A sadist with a badge looking to rope me in to a suicide mission. I think no matter which way I go I'm likely to wind up face down on a sheet of plastic. So here's my answer: kiss my ass, Hop-along. What do I get out of it? Now I'm the one who's nauseous. So what's the deal? What do you need me for? I plan on getting a lot older. And playing spy games sounds like a quick way to get yourself dead. I'm not interested. I've already got a job. You want the cheap backstory? The runaway mom, the suicide dad and the foster homes? Gimme a break. You're not interested in my past, you're interested in my future as some kind of spy. You're a cold piece of work. You almost got three people killed out there. You know what I hate? Any scumbag with a clean shirt and a bad haircut can get one of those tin stars and suddenly they think they're God. Is that a fact? Are we done now? You've got nothing on me. So if you ain't booking me, I'm walking. Look at me, dude, do I look like a fan of law enforcement? Forget the tests, you shoulda just asked me. I woulda saved you a lot of trouble. ..If you're trolling around for narcs, man, have you got the wrong guy. A Fed, I shoulda known. Who else would have this kind of budget? Now you're gonna hit me with the sales pitch. Good for you. Now why don't you stop wasting my time and tell me what you want. You didn't go through all this for my benefit. That shows me already that you don't have a clue. What's it to you, anyway? Diner, huh? Let me tell you what the problem is. I wake up drugged to find what? You've got a "salesman" over here reading a three week old newspaper. He's pulling a 211 with a "trucker", who happens to be packing a cop issue H&K 9mm. I get tipped that something is going down when she passes me a note. How's that for twisted logic? How did she know there was trouble unless they pulled the guns before I "walked" in? And if that's true, why'd they stop and wait until I woke up to gaffle the money? Then I notice how beefy they both are. Hell, even the waitress is cut. All three of them look like they went through the same training program. Ergo they ain't strangers and this isn't what it seems. That's how I knew yo-yo wouldn't get a round off even if I gave him all day. Why? What is this place? Who the hell are you? Alright. You wanna eat through a tube, be my guest. We're on to the game, ese. You got the fake blood splattered all over the walls, you got your torture tools... It's all very cute. But come on, let's quit while you're ahead. I'm only trying to save you a beatin'. We're anti-social. We don't have any friends. Oh, I don't know. It was an accident. Like what? Nothing, really. My guy is just doing it to stay alive. Just about anything I want, it looks like. This is gonna be tough, though. There's no way to save this game. I gotta get it right the first time through. What are you gonna do? They're Euro- trash. Yorgi masterminded the take-over of three Red Mafiya clans. Cops called it "blood week". He combined all of their global enterprises into one huge crime syndicate: Anarchy 99. Kirill, the sniper. Looks like a bookworm, but he had 72 confirmed kills in Chechnya, they called him the "Finger of God". Assassination and weapons. Next we got a Siberian redneck, Viktor. Into snowmobiles and snowboarding. So naturally, he covers prostitution and the drug trade. You wanna check it out? Come here. Slick graphics, huh? See these dudes? They're called "Anarchy 99", they're the bad guy bosses. It's about your next mission. You need to be debriefed. You can't welch on me now. We had a deal. Use your grenades! Maybe we can blow it up underwater! It has to surface to release the nerve agent, right? A manual control on a moving torpedo. This day keeps getting better and better. You can't talk to it? I'm sick of that guy. Let's stop playing nice. You okay? Toadies right behind. Where'd the damn truck go?! Where's he headed? Let's do this. Did you do your homework? Let me guess, they had a big white torpedo with them. He's a regular humanitarian. And all this time I thought he was just a tool. When this is over, we're just gonna take off, the two of us. Take a vacation. Aren't they gonna wonder were you've been? You don't have to do that. A long time ago I learned how to put fear away in a little place in my head. Maybe that's my problem. If you don't feel fear you can do some amazing things, but you can also screw your life up in ways you can't imagine. We'll have to go after them. We can't leave now. We have to do something. Petra, this ain't about the people that sent us here, you know that. Of course it matters. Hey, hold on! Wait a minute, whoa. We can't go now. What's Yorgi got planned with that nerve agent? Where are we going? What are you doing with the Ivans? I don't know what's going on anymore. I thought I was square with that dude. Now everybody's switching sides like it's the WWF. What the hell are you doing? You could've killed me! When can I see you again? Get your head back in the game. There are lives at stake here. I'm busted up for you, but Jesus, what the hell are you doing? Those people almost drowned on that boat and you didn't lift a finger. You're what? What the hell have you been doing? What's that? We've got to find out what it is. Can you handle that? So what's the plan with this Ahab? Are they selling it or what? They'll kill you, you know they will. Besides, there is no back door. Keep smiling. Ready? Now. Not an option. Just get up slowly like everything's cool. Petra, trust me. You just hung yourself out to dry for me, I'm not gonna let you down. If I go out the back, he'll know you've warned me. It's a long story, but yeah, more or less. What are you talking about? So there you have it. I guess you just have to ask yourself, how bad to you want out? We could work together. Then maybe we could both get the hell out of here. There's a beach in Bora Bora with my name on it. The people I know want facts, the kinds of things an insider would know. They're interested in putting Anarchy 99 out of business. I know where he's coming from. The only thing I really don't get is why he dumped you. Up until I found that out, I thought his judgment was pretty sound. Don't judge a comic book by it's cover. Let's just say I'm freelancing and leave it at that. I'm from L.A. I'm an information gatherer. You wanna go somewhere and talk about it? Look at you. You're helping run things now. You're a gangster. I bet that snuck up on you. You woke up one day and you were a criminal. The eyes don't lie. All this has gotten to you, hasn't it, Petra? You came in as Yorgi's girlfriend and you stayed because it was fun. Now you don't like it so much, but you're in so deep you can't get out anymore. Tell me if I'm wrong, Petra. That makes two of us then, sweetheart, because I ain't buying your bullshit either. You're not like them, I can see it in your eyes. So you tell me, who's bullshitting who? Hey, you're good. You've got to relax, baby, you're paranoid. Hey, take it easy. I'm just a dude trying to make a buck. We hung out last night, remember? That right? Why's that? Come on, don't front like that. You'll put a guy right off you. I was invited. What's your story? Where are you going? Did you guys used to date? That's it, right? He broke your heart and you're still soft on him. That's funny, it don't seem to fit with a tough broad like you. It's gonna be like that, huh? You got all bent out of shape as soon as he started dancing with someone else. Why's that? You do everything Yorgi says? If you got a problem with me, why are we dancing? Sure. Just chisel some off your heart. Is she for real? Honey, maybe you should quiet down and let the grownups have a conversation. I have Japanese buyers who are looking to move a fleet, if you have the quality of merchandise they're after. And it's a mil two, max. I thought that was in detail. You're joking, right? From the Beastie Boys collection? I think I'll hang on to these. That one I'm real familiar with. They come in any other styles or colors? Why don't you show me some gear before you get hurt. I stole your beat, huh? Guess you forgot to brown-nose the right people. That's would be me. You're not exactly "going anywhere" yourself. I don't know. I thought this is what you wanted. You want stability, here it is. Of course I'm serious. I bought it, didn't I? I was gonna wait till the islands, but... Well if you're bailing, I guess I'd better give you your surprise now. Alright, so I'll get more. I don't wanna go mersh, you know that. But hey, if this is about money... I'm having fun, what's the problem? I can see that. Why? Hey, you don't need all this just to go on vacation. Unless this ain't for going on vacation... Why you dogging me up? What's the deal? I found something big enough for us to take these guys down with. They've got a of nerve agent they're gonna unleash. Dude, what are you doing here? Yeah, thanks a lot. Nice hops. First of all, you should kill whoever sold you that suit. Two, I don't wanna be here either, so just step off. Three, if you had the authority to shoot me you would've done it by now, so just ease up on the machismo, bitch. Now that we've got that sorted out, I'm gonna get some rest. Here we go again. I've been on a plane for twelve hours, I think I'll stand. Looks like we're in the middle of the drug war. Help me with this guy. Who's writing this dude's dialogue? A parachute. This does not argue well. Been to any good diners lately? Oh just shoot us already. I'm sorry I asked. And here I thought "anarchy" was just something cool to put on a Tshirt. Including rape, pillage, murder. So all by yourself, you're going to destroy every government; in the world. What's the gimmick, Yorgi? That's the part I don't get. You gonna hold the world hostage with your gas bombs? I didn't think you were dumb enough to go with that hack cliche. I wanted to get the hell out of Prague before Silent Night falls. Don't forget goatee boy. I greased him up on the diamond run. That's alright, I'm kinda tired. My old man, he bought into the system, and it screwed him. So he swallowed a bullet. Me, I don't believe in nothing I can't see and touch. Hell no. My dad was a straight up tin soldier. Somehow he pissed this general off and got himself dishonorably discharged. Had a court martial and everything. The charges were total bullshit, so he was sure he'd get his name cleared, but it didn't happen. I've been here before, when I was a kid. My old man was in the service, we used to live on the Army base in Hamburg. You got a great set-up here Yorgi. You really know how to live. How you gonna do that with government and rules everywhere? "...try walking into a deli and urinating on the cheese". 'Anarchy Burger' by the Vandals. Screw the world. If I'm gonna die for something, it better be bitches and money. You wanna see my politics? What's "Anarchy 99"? Had to do what I had to do. Bullshit! You get your boy off that roof or I swear to God I'm gonna give you another hole to breathe out of. You tell me! You got a sniper up there or what? What's this? I had to inspect the merchandise first. Very nice. I'm impressed. It'll work faster if I have an account number. Ferrari's, Lamborghini's... high end pasta rockets. Ten to start. When else are you gonna do it? I'm talking about the sports cars that disappear off the docks in Genoa and wind up here. If you don't know about 'em, who does? Thanks, but I'm here on business. I heard you're the G around here. I'm looking for some cars, expensive ones. A lot of them. He flashed his badge to half the bar when he bought his drink. Who you workin' for? What do you do for a living, dickhead? That's the guy.Nice place to start, don't you think? Viktor! Stay the course. You've been so quiet lately, Petra, I thought you no longer cared. What was that for? It all happened so fast. Such an unfortunate accident. Perhaps he is not all he says he is. You both could have been a part of it. You could have ridden with us into a new day, the dawning of a new age of -- Come on, Xander. You used to stand for something. What happened to you, man? I thought you'd get it. Sure, if that's what you want. Why not? It's all human nature. So we just have to launch our baby and wait for the decline and fall of civilization as we know it. Easier than that, buddy. I'll get them to destroy each other. You kill an entire Peace conference, someone is going to have to pay. Then our friend Ahab continues down the river to the ocean and begins his world tour. London, Cairo, Beijing... Pretty soon everyone's involved. These guys bomb those guys, those guys invade these guys. Soon the whole world is like your wild West cowboy days. No rules, no law, everybody free to do what they want. You think I'm after money? I told you, my friend. Anarchy. Time for a change. Money is good, but for true freedom you have to get rid of the rules themselves. Not bad, man, not bad. You put things together quick. Prague it is. And you. Why do you have such a problem staying away, my friend? Did you miss us that much? That was for Anders. You want to insult me? This is my hospitality. Pick one. I've got meetings this afternoon, I've got to get some sleep. Just pick a girl. Connections and politics, it's the same everywhere. You, an Army brat? I don't see that one at all. Did you join the service as well? It's a beautiful town, Prague. It's been good to me. Easy. You get enough money that you grow an ass big enough for the whole world to kiss. You got it, man. It's stupid but it's true. True freedom is when you do whatever you want anytime you want. That's when you know you're living, man. To us it means no walls, no speed limits, no jails. It's everybody does what he wants. People think democracy is freedom but they don't have a clue. There's an old punk song. It says: "America stands for freedom, but if you think you're free..." That's what I'm talking about, man! That's why Anarchy 99 was born. It's all this craziness! It's what we've been living since 99, when we left the Army. One of our brothers died in Grozny and we said the hell with this shit. What for? He dies for what? Politics? Who's politics? Not ours. Total chaos, man! Welcome to Anarchy 99! I don't believe it! You can't shoot a cop in the middle of the street! He's not with us, Xander. He must be with you. What's going on, my friend? This is a gift. From me to you. Of course. I'm somewhat less so. We seem to have a bit of a problem... Don't look at me, X, she handles all the details. We seen all your shit! So you want cars? We get whatever cars you need. What are you looking for? I remember that one where you jump the motorcycle over the freeway at rush hour. Sorry, man, don't know what you're talking about. I appreciate you bringing this to our attention. Whatever you want, the rest of the night, consider it on the house. Cops. Like a plague. No matter how many you pay there's always another with his hand out. How did you pick him out? This pizda? Never seen him before.