You'll never get away with this. I'll sue you down to your last penny. But...why? You bastard. The IMAGE FREEZES. Dave walks into the room. I just want you to know, I've thought about this a lot. And I've talked it over with everyone I know. So there's nothing left to do now, but leave you, forever, and only see you from across a shiny conference table with bloodthirsty lawyers all around it. "Okay?" That's all you have to say? (then watching him) Well then I guess this is it. She pushes back from the table, starts off. I'll see you in court. Maybe you should call your lawyer too. Well when I met him, I didn't know so much. About guys, or men or what have you -- we just didn't talk about such things then. In fact, I didn't see him naked until quite well into our marriage. When was it Albert? Anyway. I thought I was marrying a man, but didn't know that in his heart, he was a guy. Not long after the wedding. But it didn't bother me. I just didn't know how to recognize the signs. But we've learned to live with it. Haven't we, Albert? (then after a beat) Albert. What does that have to do with anything? He holds up the device - handheld GPS. Who cares how far we are from Atlanta? Albert. There's a person here asking us questions. There's a film crew here. He looks up at the CAMERA, as if just noticing someone there. Then holding up the GPS -- Let me put it this way. Everyone I ever dated was a male. I mean they were all men. But only some of them were guys. You know? (thinks about it) -- The guys were funnier. But the men were more responsible. You could almost half-believe them when they told you something sometimes. That would be a woman. Roger? Roger...I think I really love you. (looks over there) But I can't bear the uncertainty anymore, of where this relationship is going. Roger turns... I'm not asking whether you want to get married. Only whether you believe that we have some kind of a future together. That you, and I - have a future. Oh, Roger... He smiles. Strokes her hair and pulls her in even closer. They share a long deep sigh together, As the PICTURE FREEZES and DAVE WALKS IN. I'm not asking whether you want to get married. Only whether you believe that we have some kind of a future together. That you, and I - have a future. (then looking at him) Roger? Well there were always guys at my shows - right from the beginning. I mean you start out playing beer halls, right? So when you have beer, you have guys. And it sorta just grew from there. But I was okay with it. They didn't cause much trouble. Men cause trouble. But that's okay too. I get half my songs from that. Long as they buy the records... Five hundred dollars? So can my address book. No but my computer can. For five hundred dollars it should give me a manicure, Roger! It should drive me home from work at night! HOW could you spend that kind of money without discussing it first? On Roger's look...the PICTURE FREEZES. Dave walks in. Well that's pretty much how it is right now, right? They don't grow up. Or, they grow up, but they don't change. You want to know how to spot a guy, there's your first clue: Look for an otherwise man who did not grow up. No they grow up all right -- but only just enough - you know? Like they'll meet the absolute minimum requirements of being a man, but that's it. The rest of the time they're fourth-graders. Walking fourth-graders. More like driving fourth graders. With credit cards. And a phone. And give them ten minutes on their own? Or put them in with other guys? Now you've gone nuclear. Please. Guys at work? Or guys doing work. So I get this call at work. (then to Roger back (shakes her head) I get on the phone and they say he's okay - but maybe I should come down to the paper and get him. Does he look okay? Not the way I heard it. Tell me something. If the article was about a poem there wouldn't be an argument - would there. I'm just saying. I don't see the four of you fighting over who can write the better sonnet. So no one gets hurt writing sonnets. I don't know why I listened to you. You need to see a doctor. Roger you can't walk. Why won't they go to the doctor? You mean they have them? Or they have them and don't acknowledge them. Or they don't think that others have them. Or they just don't think. Sports. They have feelings about sports. And their underwear. You ever try and throw out their underwear? Once. I nearly lost my life. They act like it's so sacred. I've seen pairs of briefs with holes in them larger than the leg holes. (as the others nod) I tried to throw a pair out once? And sneak it past him? He went out into the garbage and found them. He said he couldn't trust me after that. Tell me what that's all about. I don't even want to think about it. They just waste them. That's all. Now remember. Gene's dad is real sick. Kelly says he doesn't talk about it. So see if you can draw him out. Oh? What did he say? Kelly's boss is turning forty. (a look; then) Just see if you can get him to talk. Well I don't know. How do you think she feels about getting older? I don't know... I know how I felt. How did you feel about it? How does anybody feel. So you think she'll want a smaller gathering? Well if we go that way, we know who to invite. But then who do we not invite. Exactly. And how are they going to feel about that. So maybe we should make it a slightly larger gathering. -- Depends on the food, I guess. I mean, if we go with a larger gathering... Exactly. (finds the right Oh - I've seen that one too. They open to the article, scanning it. Hmm. Hmm. You thinking what I'm thinking? That if we have low fat hors d'oeuvres she'll think we noticed she's gaining weight? Exactly. Maybe just blow it out, you know? I mean it's a party. Go with the high fat. Thinking she won't think we've noticed the weight gain. Unless she thinks that's insensitive. You know, that we hadn't noticed... Hmm... They close the magazine, look through the others when: How about medium fat hors d'oeuvres? And we could cut them into smaller pieces? She could think we were being cheap. And how would she feel about that... Roger? They turn. Elaine gives Roger a look. PICTURE FREEZES AS: You're kidding! That was you? At the Burger King? I was too! But my God, you remembered that? Nothing... She smiles; gets in. Roger pauses. CAMERA PANS TO DAVE. Do you realize that, as of tonight, we've been seeing each other for exactly six months? CAMERA HOLDS on her. She waits. Roger? Roger. Please don't torture yourself like this. Maybe I should never have... Oh God, I feel so... I'm such a fool. I mean I know there's no knight. I really know that. It's silly. There's no knight, and there's no horse. You think I'm a fool, don't you? It's just.. .well I need ...time, I think. I think I need some time. Roger looks up at his OVAL IMAGE: gone. He looks at Elaine. (moved, touches his About time. Do you feel that way about time? Roger looks confused. His OVAL IMAGE is off playing pool now. He turns to Elaine; does his best to look decisive. Thank you, Roger. .and you said 'there's no knight.' - and no horse. Did you say 'no knight and no horse,' or 'no horse and no knight?' She looks at Elaine.. This is crucial. I said 'no knight.' And then I said 'no horse.' I know he agreed to the knight. But maybe not the horse. Elaine racks her brain; just can't say for sure. It's probably not important... (then watching her) This is really it for you. Isn't it. (looks at her; nods) Really it. (glad for her) Does he know it? Elaine looks up; she has no idea. I can sympathize with your friend, man. I've seen a lot of guys go there. I don't know - most of my songs are about guys out of love. Cause you know, a guy in love - a guy who's where your friend's at, anyway - they don't know where they are. They're like an ant, standing on a truck tire. They don't know how they got there - all they know is that's not where they were a minute ago. But then they sort of get vaguely okay with it, you know? They start hangin' out there, they're feelin' pretty good. Until the thing starts moving. Well then they get crushed. Dave gulps. She shrugs. Rock and roll, my friend. Life in the city. You were wearing a yellow sun dress and there was a smudge of makeup just over your left eye. He smiles at her. Gets a thin smile back. Well we didn't know each other. I mean, of course we didn't - we hadn't met yet. But we were both invited to the same party, by different people who we only knew marginally - only the party got cancelled, and I guess that's how marginal we were, because no one told us. So we came in different cars and found ourselves at the same front door - with no one home. (then taking his hand) So Gene asked me out to eat. You were in love. (then off his look) You told me you loved me, that first night! You were eating mashed potatoes. You said you loved me. You said because your name was Gene and mine was Kelly, that that just proved it. We were meant to be together. What I don't get is how they can be a fully grown adult male and not be able to make a commitment to a woman who loves him like no one else - and yet the same person, at age seven, could make an unbreakable lifelong commitment to the San Francisco Giants, who do not even know him and who never will. (shakes her head) I just don't get it. They're never "ready." If you ask me, guys are in a permanent state of nonreadiness. That's where they live. If guys were turkey breasts, you could put one in a 350 degree oven on the Fourth of July and they still wouldn't be ready in time for Thanksgiving. The thing is, you shouldn't even think about marrying them until you really know them. But you can't really know them until you marry them. (then after a beat) That's the thing. One: A guy will have sex with anything. Two: A guy will do anything to have sex. There's your Guy Fidelity. Move on. What do you mean, it's 'supposed to be that way.' It's stuck. But we can't get out. (looks at him) The same way the toaster was designed to discourage carbohydrate consumption by bursting into flames? Okay. So now we have a broken water heater and a stuck front door. Roger? Did you find anything? How can you tell? Except there's no hot water. How about calling Steve. (hears him whang something down there) But Roger you're such a good copy editor. You don't have to be a good repairman too! Honest! The problem? I don't know why he does this. He doesn't know what he's doing down there... It'll be all right. (off a loud CLANG) It's not like some broken part is just going to be standing there, waving a flag that says "Help me." Or there'll be an octopus on the compressor, and then he could say, "Look! There's an octopus on the compressor!" Of course, how would he know it was the compressor... Trust me, it'll all work out. After a while, there's no more harm they can do. Roger comes around from the side door. SLOSHING feet. Holds a dripping PART. And what is it about the hardware store? All they do in there is buy a bunch of tools that they don't know how to use -- and no matter what the problem is, all they'll end up doing is whacking at it with a hammer until it breaks even more. And then they cover it all up with duct tape and then come out and say it's supposed to work that way. Then we have to call Steve. And they get offended. (on other side) I'm sorry - the door's stuck. Steve got him from the truck. They don't know the players. The players don't know them - yet they idolize these people. They follow them from team to team -- and they know more about these teams than they know about their own families. They might not even know if they have families. Not during the playoffs anyway. (amen to that; then) And what gets me is, they think - they really think - that whether a team wins or loses or not depends on how much they personally care about them. Like if they don't care, the team can't win. What's true. That's crazy. Who is he? Let's get back to those invitations. I'm with you. They turn, go back to the kitchen. The celebration goes on. Um. You said that already. Oh. Well - Happy Anni-- They're not all like this. You do a lot of good... Well my husband usually does the -- Maybe I could get you something. You want something? You want to go hang gliding? I'm sorry. I didn't know you did that. Um. Saturdays? (as he starts to leave) Where are you going? What about the letter? Yes...yes... .just hold on...yes... what beautiful girl. Oh, Roger... Take laundry. To him his clean clothes are ready when he's ready to go get them. And they can dry the rest of the way in the drawer. But they don't dry the rest of the way in the drawer, they sit there in damp musty unfolded balls and he doesn't even mind, and I can't figure that out. What is the matter with folding something? What is the matter with waiting for it to be dry? (comes in with more I can explain the Infield Fly Rule. Sometimes I think they're just like tapeworms. You know? I mean tapeworms are just tapeworms - that's all they are, and all they'll ever be. They're just these repulsive little parasitic beasts and nobody expects anything different from them - because people know that's their nature. And it's the same way with guys - although a tapeworm's more likely to help clean out the garage. They have to be the biggest and they have to be the best. And they can never back down from a challenge. Ever. They sleep with your sister and wonder what's wrong with that. They will make a game out of anything. A contest out of anything. Give them a grain of sand and they will figure out some game with it. And they'll argue over the rules. (off their agreement) They leave their dirty dishes everywhere. I can't believe the places I'll find some crusted over cereal bowl with yuckola blobs of God knows what in them. And the thing is, from his point of view? They really do get cleaned by magic! Because I can't take seeing them sit there, so I clean them. (to Karla E) I just get him to wash my car when that stuff happens. Sweetheart he could wash my car with his tongue and it still wouldn't make up for where I find those dishes sometimes. -- You mean as a choice? You mean like a mature adult choice to have a guy in your life? In spite of everything? Like trying to borrow money from you, after you've broken up, so he can buy something for his new girlfriend? And wondering what the problem was with that? I mean like really not knowing? Dave looks at her. They all do. Until -- I'll tell you why. There is no good reason, that's why. The others turn, look her way. -- I mean don't get me wrong. They really can be fun. You know, like a big stupid dog can be fun. I mean not everything has to be so serious in life. You want to be able to do more with someone than just read book reviews together - which is something a guy would never do anyway. (then as the others And you're the person he thought of. (off her look; nods) I can't tell you what that feels like, when they do that. (a beat; and then) I swear, if they knew how adorable they are sometimes, they'd be dangerous. I mean -- more dangerous. The other Girls think about that. Considering... -- Bullshit. They're tapeworms. The rest of them agree and all high-five her. Dave leans back from the fray, turns to the CAMERA. 