Where'd you think you're going?! The whole town has electricity? Quit a reception. As long as it takes. I'll need a coach tomorrow to take me up the mountain. That's why I'm here. Not the welcome I was expecting. I've come to see Tesla. He built a machine for a- for a colleague of mine. A long time ago. Can you get me a meeting with him? (off his look) I've come a very long way. I've brought a lot of money. I'll be staying at the hotel. Indefinitely. Your watch. Old favourites, please. He can't use plants for every trick. There'd be no seats left for the punters. Actually, I do. I could. Show it to me twice, I'll do it. Why? Chung Ling Soo. Which is? Who's Ackerman? I think I had my wrist turned- I can slip a Lanford underwater. He said no. Where's he from? He works for another magician? Aren't you worried he'll steal your tricks? How do you know? I don't know if I trust him. I think he's alright. You think everyone's alright. Even you. My brother. He lives with Mum. I think so. Wil I see you again? You're wrong. It can't be. but look at the man! I can barely lift this thing and it's not even filled with water. Or fish. He must be strong as an ox. He's been preteding to be an cripple for years? Any time he's in public. Any time he goes out. It's unthinkable. Borden saw it at once. I couldn't fathom it- living your whole life pretending to be someone else. You're pretending to be someone else. I don't think changing your name compares. Not just your name- who you are, where you're from... I promised my family I wouldn't embarrass them with my theatrical endeavors. I came up with a name for you... "The Great Danton" You don't like it? It's sophisticated. It's French. Alfred?! We haven't had the pleasure. Where did yo get all of- I need talk to you. We can't afford to pay him- And until then? What I earn is barely enough for us. You're already going to be sharing it with someone else. Having a baby. What's this? Your great trick? The "masterpiece that will make our fortunes"? I'm not letting you get shot. Show me. (Borden shakes head) Then you're not doing it. I can't raise a child on my own, Alfred. Once you know it's so obvious. How? Such as? Say it again. Nope. Not today. Some days, it's not true. Todayt you don't mean it. Maybe today you're more in love with magic than me. It's alright. I like being able to tell the difference- it makes the days it is true mean something. How can be not know?! Why are you here? My profession also deals in secrets. It's a rotating transposition that shifts every day of the dairy. Simple but time-consuming to translate once you have the five-letter keyword. We magicians have a circle of trust. Maybe I bought it. It's how we pay for our retirements and how greats tricks outlive us. I've already found it. That's why I'm here. Tesla built one for another magician. Call it a professional rivalry. I understand discretion. I just want the machine. I thought it was a secret. Where are the wires? Where's the generator? But that must be ten miles from here. Never thought I'd find an answer at the bottom of a pint glass. Who? You got me a booking? Why? Someone who know that it wasn't your fault. Someone who knows Alfred Borden and his repertoire of exotic knots. To die like that. Locked in water... lungs screaming... What did she go through, Cutter? Which knot did Borden tie that night? Wouldn't say?! We should see about an assistant. Yes, I have. The Great Danton. No. It's sophisticated. What's so hard about this? I don't understand, Alfred. How can it be bleeding again? What have you been doing to it? It looks as had as the day it happened. We need to get the doctot back- You've woken her. Alfred, you have to face things. What tricks could you peform with this kind of injury? The bird cage can't be our climax- everybody knows it. And I don't want to kill doves. You sound like him. I need a volunteer. You'd beat not be intending to hut this animal, Mr.Angier. Of course not. And one, two... THREE! Bloody marvelous, Cutter. Thought you said I had to get my hands dirty. Very nice. Very nice indeed. I haven't had a chance to compliment you on your beautiful theatre yet, Mr.Merrit. A lot more beautiful when it's full, Mr.Angier. Don't worry. You all say that. Why sould I worry? If your tricks don't get 'em in, someone else's will. Maybe someone willing to do a bullet catch or a water scape. You've got a week. You sir, in the hat. Could you show us your handkerchief? Perhaps you'd be so good as to return it to the other man. He has yours. I'm so nervous- I'm sorry, I'm making mistakes. The audience doesn't seem to be responding much, Cutter. Wish us luc, Cutter. You've seen this one before? Well, I'll make it a little harder, shall I? Two volunteers, please. A lady and a gentleman to hold this cage with me... I'll perform this feat in a manner never before seen by yourselves or by any other audience anywhere in the worth... Any magician can make this cage disappear... that's why I'll ask this good lady and fine gentleman to place their hands firmly on the cage... ...to ensure that no trickery whatsover is employed. I should've spotted him. Don't suppose they'll let us do this one again. So what's the climax of our show? Mr.Merrit, we have a week's engagment- To perform magic- not butcher birds and break my costomer's fingers! Clear out, anything here in the morning gets burned. It's done, John. I've hired a comedian. You know I hate comedians, which should indicate the may I felel about your friend's future as a stage magician. The name stays. See? Today, it's true. The family life he craves one minute he rails against the next, demanding freedom. His mind is a divided one... Let me see? I'm going to know all of the Professor's secrets. Just stupid tricks, right? Haven't helped you get out of here- How'd you get so famous, then? Oi, Borden, get back here! I thought you'd gone. I don't really.... have anywhere to go. You've been sleeping here? Cutter said it would be okay till we get another booking. What are you doing? Researching. Part of a magician's job is to watch his competition, to see what illusions they're- You're going to do something to that man, aren't you? Cutter's hopig you'll let things life. He says if Borden thinks things are even between you then we can- Even? My wife for a couple of his fingers? He has a child now. And he's perfoming again. Borden is out there, living his life just as he always intended. As if nothing had happened. And look at me. I'm alone. And no theatre will touch me. Us. You're going to need a better disguise. What happened, Robert? He had a new trick. Was it good? Did they applaud when you saw it? He's a dreadful magician. How does he do it? It's not that simple. This is a complex illusion. I've seen his perfom ir three times now, Mr. Cutter- the Prestige is the The same man comes out of the second cabinet. I promise you. It is the same man. He wears padded gloves to hide his damaged fingers, but if you look closely you can tell. He doesn't know how to sell his trick to an audience. But I do. The man stole my life. I'm going to steal his trick. He doesn't use a double- Take a good look- let's get out there and find me. I saw a lecture you gave in London, several years ago. I'm flattered you agreed to see me. What's conducting the electricity? I need something impossible. If people thought the things I did on stage were real, they wouldn't clap- they'd scream. Think of saving a woman in half. Price is not an object. I'm noit sure I follow. Have your obsessions done you no good? if you understand an obsession then you know you won't change my mind. Will you build it? Gerry? Mr. Angier, Mr. Cutter, I would like you to meet Mr. Gerald Root. He's out of his mind. He's an out-of-work actor- of course he's out of his mind. I don't need him to be my brother. I need him to be me. What is this for? When I asked last week you said we couldn't afford. But you want through all the- You walk through this one- then...? Oof. Couldn't you find a softer one? It's not for sleeping on. And Root goes up through there? It's going to be amazing, Robert. It has to be. Borden's trick is getting noticed. The place was packed today. You went and saw his show again? You becoming obsessed, Robert. All I have to do is keep myself stinking drunk all the time and no one will be able to tell the difference. I don't know how you do these things, Cutter. I'm not sure I want to know. No point being coy. Borden calls his trick 'The Transported Man'? Ladies and gentlemen, much of what you've seen tonight can be termed illusions. Entertaining trifles of the sort you may have seen other magicians perform. Alas, I cannot claim this next feat as illusion. Watch carefully- you will see no trickery, for no trickery is being employed. Merely a techique familiar to certain citizens of the orient and various holy men of the Himalyas. Indeed, some of you may be familiar with this technique, but for those of you who aren't, do not be alarmed, what you are about to see is considered safe... To our achivement. At least he got to see it. I spent the ovation hidden under the stage. No one cares about the man who disappears, the man who goes into the box. They care about the man who comes out the other side. I care about the man in the box. Thank you. Maybe we could switch before the trick. That way I could be the Prestige and Root ends up below stage. I suppose I should get more rest. Life is not full of these moments, Robbie. We've worked hard for this, and we need to celebrate properly. What's wrong? It is your wife? The trick isn't good enough. Didn't you see the audience? No. Well, they loved it. It's not as good as his trick. Borden's trick is nothing compared to ours. He doesn't have any style- He doesn't have to spend the finale hiding under the stage. I need to know how he does it. Why? So that I can do it better. I need you to go and work for him. Work for him? Are you joking You'll be my spy. We just got our start and you want me to leave? It's how we advance. Think of it, Olivia... we've got people excited about Cutter's version of the trick- imagine what we could do with the real illusion. We'll have the greatest magic act anyone's ever seen. He knows I work for you. Exactly why he'll want to hire you. He'll want my secrets. Why would he trust me? Because you're going to tell him the truth. I don't understand- Interesting workshop. My name is Olivia Wenscombe. No. I'm here to give your show what is missing. Me. I've left Angier. I want a job. I know you have no reason to trust Mr.Borden- Alfred. I'm going to tell you the truth. I'm here because he sent me here. He wants me to come and work for you and steal your secret. No. It's killing him. he's obsessed with discovering your method. He thinks of nothing else, and takes no pleasure in our sucess. I've had enough. There's no future with him. He sent me here to steal your secrets, but I've actually come to offer you his. We have a problem, Cutter. He'll be perfoming right across the street. Don't tell me he fell over again. He's blackmailing us? How much does he want? Stop doing the trick? Look at this. What's the point? Pay him whatever he wants, for now. We keep doing the trick till Borden opens, then we'll phase it out. Get up there!! ...some of you may be familiar with this technique, but for those of you who aren't, do not be alarmed, what you are about to see is considered safe... Well, he did. No. I don't. He's the Great Danton. Let him cut himself down. You weren't expecting me? I was expecting you sooner, Robbie. Your message said "afternoon". Well, it takes a bit for me to get around these days... He's taken everything from me. My wife, my career... now you. What do you mean? You sent me to- I sent you to steal his secret- not to improve his act- That's my job-! Or to fall in love with him! You abandoned me to him! I did everything you asked. Yes? Then how does he do it?! Cutter was right- it's a double. Of course Borden said that- He didn't say anything- he'd never say. I've seen things- make-up, glasses, wigs. We don't use any of it for the show, but I've found it hidden backstage. It's misdirection- he leaves those things lying around to make you think he's using a double. All the time? He doesn't know when All the time, Olivia- that's who he is, that's what it takes- he lives his act, don't you see?! And just because you're sleeping with him doesn't mean he trusts you. You thing you can see everything, don't you? But the Great Danton, is a blind fool. His notebook. You stole it? I borrowed it for tonight. I thought you'd be able to translate some of it, but now I realize- I can't. You can't. Olivia, no one could- It's a cypher- with a transposition that probably shifts every day of the diary. Even with the keyword it would take months to decode... And without the keyword? Perhaps never. We'll see. No, we won't- if I don't get that back tomorrow morning, he'll know I took it. You can'r possibly think I'd let this go? This is his diary, Olivia. All of his secrets are right here, in my hands. Don't do this do me, Robert! Leave him. He knows where I live! I need to know his method. It won't get your wife back, Robert. I don't care about my wife- I care about his secret! Look, I'll go to his workshop and stage a break-in- He'll know it was you- Yes, me, not you. Understand? Robert? I have fallen in love with him. Then I know how hard this had been hard for you. Why's that? The sacrifice, I'm afraid, is all going to be yours. Unless you give me what I want. Your secret. Your method for the Transported Man. Fallon wouldn't tell me. In fact, he doesn't talk at all. Useless without the keyword. Write down your method Mr. Borden. Describe it in full. I want the method not the keyword- I don't even know if the secret is in you notebook. How fast can you gid? How's the arm? Our answer, Cutter. I haven't looked yet, I wanted you to share this. Well, let's find out, shall we? It means, Cutter, that we have a journey ahead of us. To America. Then the rest is up to me. I didn't know we'd be joined for dinner. Miss Wenscombe. Mr.Fallon. What are we celebrating, dear? What trick, Freddy? Yes, "Freddy". What trick? I'm not sure my husband needs- Perhaps, Mr.Fallon, you might escort Miss Wenscombe home. My husband's being a bore. I see no reason for the two of you to suffer as well. Good-night, Mrs.Borden. Good-night, Freddy. "Freddy"? Not at home. Alfred, why are you being like this? What? I see. More secrets. When you're like this, Alfred, I'm not seeing the real you. You're treating me like your audience. Performing. I can't live with that. I thought I had the place to myself. No? No. It's killing him. He's obssessed with discovering your method. he thinks of nothing else, and takes no pleasure in our success. I've had enough. There is no future with him. He sent me here to steal your secrets, but I've actually come to offer you his. No. This is what he told me to tell you. The truth is that I loved him. And stood by him. And he sent me to you like he'd send a stagehand to pick up his shirts. (looks him in the eye) I hate him for that. You may know he does his tricks... but you can't understand why no one can see that yours are better. You hide this. I had to look closely to spot it when you performed the Transported Man. (looks into his eyes) But this makes you unique... it shows the audience that you aren't using a double; You musn't hide it, you must display it proudly... (looks at hand) I'm sure it takes great skill to perform illusions with one good hand. Then let people know. You can be so much more then he is. I can show you how. Robbie's blinded by his jealosy. He'd do anything for you secret. Sending me away was the least of it. I've veen played for a fool! Tesla never made a machine like the one I asked for. You let me believe that he had, Alley! You stole my money because your funding was cut off- you've been shooting sparks at my top hat, laughing at me all along while you use my money to stave off ruin. I've seen Edison's men- In the hotel. I've every mind to bring them up here myself- Then why isn't the machine working? Where did my top hat go? I'll go. Here, kitty, kitty. So the machine was working? Which one is mine? We each have our vices. You mean it today. That makes it so much harder when you don't. What is it. Freddy? Freddy, I've told you before. When you're with me, you're with me. Leave your family at home where they belong. I'll get dressed. There's something about him I don't trust. What box? Yes, you, Borden. Sitting there, in your cell, reading my diary. Awaiting your death. For my murder. Deny it all you want- I know! I'll go yo her! I know what you really are, Alfred! I can't live like this! I want you to be honest with me. No tricks, no lies, no secrets. Do you love me? Thank you. Nice little theatre. Good up-and- coming magician. It's a good to see you, John. I need your help, John. My last show. A limited engagement. A wise man once told me that obsession was a young man's game. I'm almost done. One thing left... (points at crate) The real Transported Man. i don't want you backstage, I need you front of house, managing. i need you calling in any favours and connections you have left to get us the right booking for the run. The sort that Borden can't ignore. Pleased to meet you, Mr. Ackerman. Are you interested in helping us? Mr. Ackerman. When they said...I didn't think you'd be here in person. Well, of course, sir...But I'm afraid I'm booked. The Moscow Ballet. They're playing through next year. You really want me to- I'll do it. Of course. You haven't spopken about her, Freddy. Not once. Don't be cruel. Because she was part of your life and now she's gone. She wanted to meet me the day before she killed herself. Said she had something to tell me about you. I was such a coward, I couldn't bring myself to face her. (looks at Borden) What would she have said, I wonder? You married her, had a child with You could be sitting in some other restaurant talking to some other woman about me that way. It's unhuman to be so cold. By the way, have you seen who's opened at the Pantages? (Borden shakes head) The Great Danton. After two years. And he has a new trick. They're saying it's the best that London's ever seen. If you could see the look on your face, Professor. You should go to him- you deserve each other. Ladies and gentlemen, my first trick of the evening is one that involves considerable risk. (removes his coat) Anyone in the audience who would be irrevocable damaged by seeing a man drown should leave now, for when I tell you that the young lady who taught performing it, you will understand the seriousness of the danger involved. In my travels I have seen the future, and it is a strange future indeed. The world is on the brink of new and terrifying possibilities. Man's reach exceeds his IMAGINATION! You found him. I told you, John- I don't want you backstage on this one. Disposing of the Prestige materials. Do you really want to know? Where'd you think you're going? Still here, Borden? Got a visitor. Lord Caldlow. With a little girl. Caldlow. Yes, I am. I always have been. They flatter you with all those chains, Alfred. Don't they know you can't escape without your little rubber ball? All I wanted to do was prove that I was the better magician. But you couldn't leave me alone. No. Not anymore. And I win. Because no one cares about the man in the box, the man who disappears. I know how hard it is to have someone so precious taken away, don't I Borden? But you can't take her with you know, can you? She'll be looked after. Good-bye, Professor. Your secret. You always were the better magician, Borden. We both know that. But whatever your secret was, you'll have to agree- -mine is better. For God's sake, Borden. Hello, Cutter. I magician never reveals his secrets. Good night, Jess. She needs looking after- You don't have to. I'm going to make sure the machine. is never used again. A good magician never repeats his tricks. My theatre. It belongs with the Prestige materials. He said it was like going home. Cautions as ever, Cutter. No one's going to use the place. I own it. It's a good thing I retired early then. We'll put it down the end. Cutter, I tried not to involve you. No one cares about the man in the box. Cutter? You- you died. A brother. A Twin. You were Fallon. The whole time... Were you the one who went into the Cutter knew. But I told him it was too simple. Too easy. What about Olivia? And your wife? I've made sacrificies. It takes everything. It didn't work. Do you want to see what it cost me? You didn't see where you are, did you? Let me show you. It took courage to climb into that machine every night... Nothing? You never understood, id you? Why we did this? The audience knows the truth- that the world is simple. Miserable. Solid all the way through. But if you could fool them, even for a second, you could make them wonder. Then you got to see something very special... (coughs, looks up) You really don't know? It was the look on their faced. 