Who cares, Z. All I know is, we gotta dig. We're not the ones in charge. Break's over. No, Z. The squeaky wheel gets thrown away , alright? You're a good ant, Z, even though you are a pain in my rear- segment. I don't wanna see anything happen to you. So quit mouthing off, before you get in trouble. Z, old pal... SHUT UP!!! It's bad enough there's a food shortage without you complaining about it every day. Someone who follows his heart! Invisible! That's right! He slaughtered hundreds of termites single-handedly! Wait a minute, that's no soldier -- that's Z! I'll make myself available...Listen, better watch out with the backtalk. I don't know want you to end up like the guy who used to work next to me. I'm afraid he got... downsized . Are you asking me out to dinner? I don't know what came over me, talking back like that. I must be going crazy... Mmm, yes, I see what you mean... Tell me about it. Hey, slow it down, big boy. You're making the rest of us look bad...How come I haven't seen you around here before?Don't make my mistake, kid... don't...be a grunt...your whole life... I wonder...what...was it all...for... No -- I can see it in your eyes. I'm a goner. It's alright, Z. In this ant's army, a soldier's life ain't worth a sack of fungus. I can't feel my legs... Be honest, kid -- am I hurt bad? Z! Over here! Don't get all sappy about it! Don't be scared, kid. Barbatus's got yer back. Superior numbers, kid! Our platoon has the best assignment of all. We're the first into battle! No -- we're going to attack the termites! You just stick by old Barbatus. He'll watch out for you. Whatsamatter, kid? Leave a girl behind? Trial membership? Kid, when you join this ant's army, you're in for the full hitch. You new, kid?Uh, actually, we are outnumbered sir... Ant Team Six... Scattered reports, sir. Rumors. Nothing reliable. Well, uh, who notices workers, sir? I've never seen anything like it, General, they're they're...well, look! Fourteen-fifty hours, sir. Actually, sir, we're ahead of schedule. We have thirty-six seconds available right now. Princess Bala, sir. Your fiancee.You see? Being an ant is being able to say, "Hey -- I'm meaningless, you're meaningless." Right! Ants! Millions of creatures, each with his assigned task, all pulling together! What do you see out there? I'm glad you asked me that question! Ask me why we're so successful. YES!!! You know, people ask me, "Doctor, why are you always happy?" And I tell them it's mind over matter. I don't mind that I don't matter ! Do you get it? Do you get it? Terrific! You should feel insignificant!Right...because every ant's important! No -- an individual ! Well, because he's more than a worker...he's a...what did he call it, Azteca... You know, you're not just workers -- you can be whatever you want to be! Look at Z! He started as a worker -- then he became a soldier! Z? Our Z? The little guy made it! No -- I mean yes -- I mean -- if you don't have other plans. Sorry I got you in trouble. But listen, you can share my rations. Nobody told me digging was so much fun! You pick up the dirt, you move it, you pick it up again, you move it again -- lots of repetitions, you exercise the forceps, and the pincers -- I'm new...I was born yesterday. No, sir! That's correct, sir! I...I have no idea, sir. Thank you, sir. Oh, no, sir! Yeah...I mean...well...I don't know, really, sir. You heard the ant -- DIG!!! Don't tell anyone you're a worker. Follow that column over there. And come right back after the inspection! Yeah, I know. Wear this. Maybe I'll get lucky. You know, Z, I wouldn't do this for anyone but you... Will you introduce me to some worker girls? I can't think of any. It's a sign that you're crazy! Do you know what the penalty for impersonating a soldier is? Get real, Z! She just dropped the scarf by accident! Well, you just sit here and be a party-pooper. Time to cut a rug, Z! Poor guy's had one too many scouting missions. And all the time I've known you, you've been grumping and groaning. You should quit making waves. Go with the flow. Z, we've known each other a long time, right? Who said there was a girl for you? I was talking about a girl for me. Don't you want your aphid beer? Yeah, but you get to spend all day with those fabulous worker babes. I don't know what you're talking about, Z. I'll be back.This colony needs another tunnel like a hole in the ground. Why are we even digging this thing? Thank goodness. Breaktime. The squeaky wheel gets the oil. Sorry Azteca. Here you go, fellas! Fresh dirt! Alley oop! Shouldn't we be wearing gloves? I mean this dirt is very...dirty. Doesn't anyone think of hygiene? Boy am I hungry. I'm so hungry I'm seeing double. It looks like there's two million ants in here. When's lunch? Tomorrow, or the day after? I mean, I've got the whole package, right? A great life, a beautiful wife, and a few kids. I know it's crazy, but -- I can't just leave. Don't argue with me. If I've learned anything, it's that the problems of two people don't add up to a hill of ants in this world. Or beans. Something like that. Anyway, I've got to warn the others . Bala, that -- that lake we found -- I think the tunnel's right underneath it! -- Formica's going to flood the colony !!! That's what he meant when said there were too many ants! Why do they have you tied up here? Well, I...I know it's a little strange, but...I thought it might come in handy if I...needed a scarf someday. Well, to be honest, I just liked having it. Sorry, it's been through a war, not to mention everything else... Well, "trouble" is my middle name. Actually, my middle name is .985, but I don't tell people. Hey, Bala, I...I actually have something of yours...you left it at the bar that night. So...you never did tell me...what made you come out to the worker bar that night? Forget it. You go ahead, I give up. I...I don't know what I was thinking. "Insectopia". Yes? Let's dig in! We've found it! Insectopia ! Look at all this food' Come on...tell me there wasn't just a little...something between us that first night at the bar. The night we danced. So what makes you so special? And only you can become a Queen? Look. How many other Princesses are there? Princess, has it ever occurred to you that they're not going to rescue you ? Hlllllllp! Listen, "Princess", you can't order me around. Out here, you're not the boss anymore -- out here, you're just -- This lake is huge! And so close to the colony! Think of the vacation potential! Want a list? Come on -- it's gone! What are the chances of that happening again? I ruined your life? Look, I was perfectly happy until I met you -- alright, I was miserable, but I was happily miserable . Water...water -- oh, you already said that. I've got a name . It's Z . Yeah, well I have it on a reliable source... that it exists. Now you follow the yellow egg... That direction. Well, that's an appealing offer, but...considering the options... You go back. Me, I'm going to Insectopia. Is that the same standard you used to choose General Formica? Oh come on, you're the one who came after me -- the swarthy, earthy, sensual worker! Well I guess that makes us even. Look around, sweetheart. But can there be a society composed of just two ants? Theoretically, yes. But is the monarchical hierarchy applicable without the underlying social structure to support it? Who's the bigger idiot -- the idiot who gets kidnapped, or the idiot who lets herself get kidnapped by the idiot? Excuse me, I -- Pardon me -- And they call them social insects. Alright, alright, I'll try to get directions from one of the locals. How should I know ? -- At the worker bar ! You were pretty hot to trot then! That's not what you said the other night -- Gee, uh, could you say it a little louder, I think there are some ants in the next colony who didn't hear you. No...as a matter of fact... Divinely? Uh, sorry, General, I...I've always had this animal magnetism, it -- Oh...oh well then, one more won't matter. Ah, yes. Well, charmed, I'm sure. So, Princess, have you ever danced with a hero? And you are...? Well, if single-handedly vanquishing the enemy and slaughtering a whole nestful of termites makes someone a hero, yes I am. Wait! When can I see you again? Oh, that's okay, I'll let him off this time. Are you crazy? This guy's built like a pebble! You know they do great prosthetic antennas nowadays -- You -- you think I'm right? Why should everyone dance the same way? It's as exciting as watching fungus grow. Well, actually, uh -- I'm sort of making it up -- The palace, hunh? I bet those royals really live it up. Of course they're all a little, you know, from inbreeding -- So uh -- how come I haven't seen you around here before? What a bunch of losers. Mindless zombies capitulating to an oppressive system -- Barbatus, hang on -- Barbatus!! Hang in there, buddy! You can make it! Just -- take deep breaths, I'll try and find your body -- it's gotta be around here somewhere! No, no, you're...lookin' good. You've got good color in your cheeks. Barbatus! Barbatus? BARBATUS! You -- you saved my life! Maybe they went out for the evening. Let's leave them a message and head home. So we're going back for more armor, right? I mean, these guys are from outer space, how are we supposed to beat them?! Well, what exactly does our platoon do? Serve beverages? Process paperwork? Attack? But -- I hate attacking! It's so hostile! Yeah. Well -- no. She's kind of playing hard to get. As a matter of fact, she's playing completely unattainable. So, what's on the schedule? A brisk walk? a foraging expedition? I just joined up. But I'm quitting! I got a trial membership! Can't we all settle this like adults -- we're not larvae anymore -- Well it wasn't a masquerade, really, it was more what I'd call a clever ruse -- Oh, of course -- Oh, hey, that's great, I think I see an old war buddy over there, it's been fun chatting. Good luck with the hallucinations. Well I, I don't think "living it up" is the right term -- how about "working themselves to death"? ...Not enough food? Wow, what a spread -- you know, there's a food shortage in the rest of the colony. So...you two are in love? Engaged? As in you're getting married? Well, I generally just make belittling comments and snicker behind death's back. So, tell me, fellow war-monger...do you think Princess Bala likes men in uniform? ONE TO NOTHING! Royal victory party? Will...will Princess Bala be there? No -- you -- you don't understand! Geez, and I forgot my toothbrush. Lays it on a little thick, doesn't he? If you ask me, he's one giant bore. But -- but I've always felt life was about finding meaning...and then sharing it with someone special, someone you love. ...Ants... Why are we so successful? ...I should? I feel...isolated. Different. I've got abandonment issues. My father flew away when I was just a larva. My mother didn't have much time for me...when you have five million siblings, it's difficult to get attention. I feel physically inadequate -- I've never been able to lift more than ten times my own weight. Sometimes I think I'm just not cut out to be a worker. But I don't have any other options. I was assigned to trade school when I was just a grub . The whole system just...makes me feel... insignificant . Yeah, but I hate drowning more! Now dig ! What do I do? You're a real buddy. You bet! They'll really go for a sensitive guy like you! Well I'm gonna start doing things for you... You have to help me. Please, Weaver. Think of all the things I've done for you! What's gonna go wrong?! I take your place for the royal inspection. Bala comes strolling down the line, she sees me -- bingo ! Love is rekindled, and she takes me up to the palace for a little... tea and crumpets... and you take your place again, and go march around to your heart's content! Are you kidding? There were sparks between us! This scarf is a sign! I'm not in the mood. Even when they're off work, they follow orders. Hey, did you hear what he said?! Weaver, I'm an insect, not a liquid. Of course. You were born two seconds after me. I can't help it. I have a thing about drinking from the anus of another creature. Call me crazy. Weaver, they're career girls. They're obsessed with digging. No, I'll probably never meet the girl for me. Come on -- everybody dumps on us workers. You soldiers get all the glory. Plus you get to go out into the world, meet interesting insects, and kill them. Did you see that? How he gave you the beers, not me? I'm telling you, he's got something against workers. We declared war again? Are you scared?