They are...they are everywhere. We're going to die here! We're going to die! He's the owner... We have to make it to the third deck... Yes.All right, be cool, everybody, nice and slow, no sudden moves. It's not going to help us! Why don't you want a message sent? Who are you? How do we get out of here? You the Captain? I don't know what these things are ...all I know is... Us...I'm talking about us... We're the fish. I once saw a guy put a fish in a bottle, then he corked it, sealing it tight, and threw it to a baby octopus. The little sucker felt its way around that bottle, and in less than two minutes, got that cork off, slid inside, and ate that fish. Nobody's shooting nobody...come on, just let us through the hatch! Boat or no boat...I'm going... Who? Or maybe we're exactly where they want us to be. Just trying to get to my boat... That's where my boat's moored. Did you clear this? I told you... Hanover, listen... Dead. I assume somebody up there has made sure no distress signal can be sent. Great woman your mother. Real foresight. Then you better start swimming. You're going to have to get a new one. We can't...we got one engine dead, and the other limping badly. Speedboat in the middle of the ocean... I know it...but you want to get where you want to get, and back? I need a chief engineer, and unless you got a replacement, I'd highly recommend overlooking the indescretion. Who asked any? 20 hours on the clock. Out and back. Double for overtime. I don't mind him...but I do think it's time for him to get back down below with the rest of the playgroup. The one you came up to ask...are we on schedule? Right here...middle of nowhere...and the answer to your question is yes. Right here...middle of nowhere... You know what they say...the classics are eternal. Fok Yu and Fok Yu Two...are we strolling down memory lane for any particular reason? He's not coming... This time, make an exception. You don't take orders very well, do you? Three minutes...I'm not back...no matter what...you go... I don't mean to drop in unannounced ...you ready... Not unless you can wire a missle or fix an engine. Right... Jet ski...there's one left up there. There's not much horsepower left in the engines, but there's enough noise...once this baby's set...I'll rev it up...that slimy bastard will come for it like candy... Yeah... Not like him. You know what kind of force it took to rip open the bow of this ship? A million little things like this... It's not them...it's it... Keep tasting... You quit high school, lie about your age, join the navy, and next thing you know, four years are up and you need a way to make a living... Looking good... A meat locker. The quiet... I'm saying they're calling the shots... Like cattle... Takes one to know one. The "come back" kind. Boat or no boat... You woulda come back anyway. You're that kind of gal. Yeah you did... Got it? On the side!! With the emphasis on SELF, and in selfish, right? Anti social? Quite a few. That's what I do. Well, you sure do a good imitation. You people...rich people... Look lady, I know you people are used to getting your way... Nothing...you want to come, come... you don't... ...there's got to be a way to access out back there... I don't know... Jesus Christ lady... I was born in a City housing project in the Bronx OK? It's not in the cards that I die on a luxury cruise ship...now which way up? He's with them. Unless you collected on the insurance... I'm their ride. I'm not a thief. What other bunch? I saved your life is what I did! It ain't any better out there! ...we gotta get outta here -- NOW. Forget them... So...If the hull's impregnable why are my feet wet? The hulls of these things are supposed to be impregnable... Let's just keep going. Joey... Joey... You're beautiful what you're jealous, you know that, Joey? Second whistle you make it to the deck and get ready to jump... One whistle... Start the engine... How does an island sound to you? I have been. Line it up now, nice and easy... A little to the left... And you got 10 minutes before this thing livens up a boring evening. Seafood salad. You ever operate a jet ski? Squid...squid like...squid type... it's got tentacles, a feed sac... probably one central nervous processor somewhere...what the hell do I know is going on deep down in the ocean...there's all sorts of shit we've never seen...eighty foot clams...60 foot sharks...I'm just guessing...can you get me more juice out of Hercules...fast? Joey, you want to get sucked out by a giant fucking mutated squid? Just the man I wanted to see. On this puppy here, you remember if it's red to blue or blue to red... Joey... Which way's aft? I don't know...you got what we need? It's okay...come on... Joey...look at me... Joey...it's okay... Joey... I think he knows that Joey. Me?? Oh yeah...and that my stich job doesn't make you uglier than you already are...this won't hurt a bit... Sure I do...I give a shit that at 0300 hour we reach our point of dentination. I give a shit that those mojos got to do what they got to do, and 45 minutes later we are turn around and gone. I give a shit that by the time the sun comes up we are all safely tucked in bed. ...Jagger was here...I was here... I saw these guy perform...at Altmont ...you know that? They opened for the Stones... If I told you once...I told you a thousand times... I'm flying blind here God damn it!Maybe we lost them. You trying to take over my show Finnegan, that what you trying to do? Who gives a shit about aft? With who? Shut up! Shut up all of you! Now here's what we're doing... Mamooli is going to take you back to fix your engines, Chin and I are staying here to finish the job... Now, where's Mulligan? Where's Vivo? Shut up! Where are my men? I'd say that's a pretty good assumption. And she could do a hell of a barbie to boot! Belt up. You'll find all the parts you need up there. Not an option. We were talking about my schedule... I have a schedule... How soon can we get up and running? He did...with a crowbar...you know the rules on a broken contract. And no questions asked. This isn't right Finnegan. I've got a contract. Don't mind him Finnegan...you remember 25...balls of steel... splashing around in a sea of testosterone. Take note Mr. Mason...this is why you hire a professional...No whining. No excuses. Which question is that? And where is our point of arrival? No, it just struck me as odd...I don't see you for all these years and you've still got the same tape stuck in the box. You remember the first time we met Finnegan? I think you were just starting out...smuggling gold off Sumatra for those two Chinese...what did we use to call them? You want some too? Where are you going? You tell it straight or I pull the trigger. Who are you? I mean...where is everbody? Where is everybody?Shut up, man, just shut the hell up! I gotta think! I gotta think!! Shut up! You hear me!! Hanover!! Hanover!! Why don't you just stop figuring and keep working so we can get the hell out of here? So? You ain't giving the orders here! What is it man? Check it out! Someone's back there. What was that? Plans don't change... I thought the plan was we'd evacuate them after we got through. What the hell does that mean? You know what my goal is? Before I die I want to make love to a woman from every country on earth. There ain't no thing here!! No thing!! There's you him and me!! Got it! You him and... What happened to Vivo?! What the hell happened to Vivo? 'Cause grease monkey ain't in my job description dick head... Hey! What are you trying to pull! Shut up!Or I could go for a swim...although, I gotta tell you...if I never get in the water again... Because it's cool, you know, I can always take a walk or something down the beach... Was it the water in my eyes or were you guys about to... All you're gonna do is get yourself killed...and for what? Some chick? She's gone... Man, don't go up there... And what have you come up with? I'm telling you, man, we got to give the future some serious thought. I think we gotta stop floating from one fucked up situation to the next... You know what I think? I think our luck has just about run shit out... I've never seen you so congenial with a mamber of the opposite sex... The two of you got a nice patter going...got a nice rapport... Can somebody tell me what the object of the exercise is here? For juice, I gotta rebuild. That's not fast. Red cross over to blue double blue ...is that what it is? A squid? Not even a Joey, I'm glad to see you? Joey, what happened to your leg? Don't shoot!! Don't shoot!! That way. If I don't, I ain't going back to get it...you think we're safe? Finnegan, what the hell was that? I'm stuck... What? You don't think I can have a normal life? ...Like a house in the suburbs... maybe a couple of kids...some sort of business...be in the bowling league...go to the ball games... You know what I'm gonna do after this...I'm gonna get a normal life... Good! So maybe he also know where the hell am I going to get the parts I need... No! The man in the moon!! Who's driving this thing? What did you do the my kids!! That's it? That's all you give a shit about? You don't give a shit about anything do you? Here's what I think...I think these mokes below are a hit sqaud. I know...I know...if the cash is there we don't care... Finnegan this is as mean a pile of shit as we ever carried... Can we use our indoor voice please... What's there to think about?? That THING back there... Don't shoot, man, don't shoot! Why don't you help us so we can get done faster so we can get the hell out of here? John... Maybe it's the wrong ship.I'm looking... I'm not screwing around with you man...I hate the cold water. Hey! You hear me? Come out! Hey! Come out here! Nothing. Maybe plans changed... Like Mamooli's country... You mean countries that are acknowledged by the UN...or like made up countires too?