Me!? You where the one... What? Where's Audrey? Who the hell are all these people? Great. See ya then. Hey, hey! I'm eating here! Big bites. That's cuz I'm married to you. Audrey, did you take the tape out of the camera? What are you talking about? The east side is always faster. You're crazy, go to the east side and take the park avenue to the JFK. Oh yes he will. Only one way to find out. Yes. Definitely. Definitely enough. It's the maintenance entrance. Runs along the side of the tunnel. When they repaired it last year I worked on a piece about it. Lucy'd kill me if she knew. Look, you want to make it up to your friend? Well if he's right, this is your chance. Perfect! You wanted a story, well, baby, you got one. I just saw him. He's with a bunch of guys who want to sneak into the city tonight. Didn't you tell me he left for the airport? You made a mistake. You okay? We know, Audrey. Sure I was. I thought Lucy was gonna kill me. How long where you and dis guy goin' steady? That why you dumped him? Nice guys finish last. First rule of the jungle. I like that image.I want that story, Audrey. Remember you work for me. We did it! We've got the exclusive! Way to go, Audrey! Listen, this is the time when the big boys have to go to work, okay Honey? Not now. You got my bag? What? It's your choice. So have dinner with me tonight. Call me Charlie. And you're beautiful... He said he'd consider it. It's between you and Rodriguez. This is not the place...They didn't make it. We've secured the doors on both levels. They will set the trap at thirty minutes to ten. Merde!Five bucks. What do I get? What's it to you?And how should we do that, Sir? Only five, Sir. We've checked them all. He hasn't used any of them. When we learned he could burrow his way through the tunnels we realized he could be out of the quarantined zone.Fill them with cement, brick them up, put land mines in them, bombs, I don't know, just make sure that goddamned thing doesn't leave the island! Have them sealed off. Christ. How many tunnels lead off the island? Get your people out of there or I will. Well your people are getting in the way of my job. You're fast. Who are they? Lieutenant, get those people away from there. You gave them the tape? So after we kill the creature we'll begin a search for the nest. You see, all we need to do is get a better shot at it with weapons that don't rely on heat seeking... What are you suggesting? Don't tell me why it's not, tell me what the hell it is. It happened so fast no one knew what hit them 'til is was over. We're hoping you're going to help us figure that out. That's right. You're standing on it. Then you're perfect. Here's your radioactive sample. Study it. Seventeen percent, huh? Sounds big. No, but I have the feeling I'm about to find out. Yeah, you're the worm guy. We know. We have a situation on our hands that requires your particular expertise. Follow me. Right. The worm guy. Can someone get those people off the beach? Dr. Niko Topopolosis? Organize a search party. I want a complete sweep of the entire city and subway system. We're sending divers into the river now to retrieve the body. That's not true. Our worm guy, er, I mean, Dr. Tatopoulos found blood. General Anderson, the problem was the terrain. If we lure him out into a more open area such as this portion of Central Park... We should be able to take him down. We think there's a strong reason to believe it may be hiding inside one of the buildings within the sequestered area.You don't have the authority to do that. That thing's dead. What the hell are we waiting for? Do you have any idea what's going on out there? The phones are ringing off the hook with people screaming to be let back into the city. Last time you didn't even scratch it! But you don't know for sure!Oh, just some insurance guy. You'd be surprised. Are you okay? If the military are listening, they must immediately destroy this building before they can escape. Your station won't have any easier time contacting the military than I did. How do you know? Circuits are overloaded. I was wrong. What are you doing here? So you thought that made it okay to steal my tapes? I shouldn't have to, Audrey. You're supposed to be my friend. I trusted you. Well what the hell did you think was going to happen? Yes. Do you realize that a creature like this could lay as many as a dozen eggs at a time! The ultimate expression of evolution, it reproduces asexually. Think about it, all kinds of creatures have been known to travel great distances for reproduction. That's why he came to New York. Like every species of insufficient progenitors, he's nesting! Well, obviously these tests weren't designed for this but fundamentally they're looking for the same hormonal patterns that would indicate pregnancy. ...he's pregnant. I got pretty close. Yes. The first of its kind. I found this blood sample earlier this evening... I have this theory that we're inadvertently creating new species as a direct result of what we've done to nature. When you and I use to attend rallies in college, we helped to create awareness. But from the inside now I can actually effect change. I never lost my idealism. Wait. I'm sorry. You're right. Eight years is a long time. Can I offer you a cup of tea? Most people don't. You just left me without a phone call, a letter, nothing. All this time. Yeah, I guess I'm still a little mad. No, I'm into earthworms now. You wouldn't be interested. They're real "boring" creatures. Very reliable, dependable, no surprises... You're a reporter. That's what you always wanted to be, right? I'm happy for you. Really, I am. So you made it. Audrey?! Is that you? Hi, hello. You look, wow, uh, how've you been? I'll take them all. Make sure they find that nest before it's too late. Me too. I don't think so. More than that. I believe this is a mutated aberration, a hybrid from the fall out in that region. Oh, thank you. Is she always like this? Not for a long time, now. No. Perhaps I work too much. Oh, I'm not married. Hi. Nick Tatopoulos... No, it's still in my tent. It's...oh my God, she took it. It may be too late by then. These eggs will hatch very quickly. No, it reproduces asexually. That's why we must find the nest. If we don't, dozens will be born, each one capable of laying eggs of its own. Very quickly we could be looking at an enormous population. Um, excuse me, sir, but the situation's more complicated than that. The blood I recovered revealed that the creature is either about to lay eggs or already has. Well, yes. I did. Clearly he was injured and bled. When I needed to catch earthworms, I knew the best way to catch them was not to chase them. I had to draw them out. You know, he's not an enemy trying to evade you. He's just an animal. What do we know? It was first sighted off the French Polynesian Pacific. An area that has been exposed to dozens of nuclear tests over the last thirty years. The radiation is not an anomaly, it's the clue. This creature is far too unique on every level to be some lost dinosaur. Somebody must have seen it. But there's no animal in the world that can make prints like that? Is there? That was a footprint. I was standing inside a footprint. What sample? They're enormous! A new species created by man's recklessness. That's what I've been trying to tell you, I'm only a biologist. I take radioactive samples and study them. It means that due to a man made accident the Chernobyl earthworms are now over seventeen percent larger than they were before. Mutated by seventeen percent? The radioactive contamination in that area altered the earthworm's DNA! You have any idea what that means? Do you know that you just interrupted a three year study of the Chernobyl earthworm? Look, I may work for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission but accidents and spills are not my field. You didn't answer my question. In fact, for the last 18 hours no one has answered any of my questions. Excuse me, would you mind telling me what the hell I'm doing here? It's Tatopoulos. Wait. Au revoir. I understand. Where are you? Hello? It's okay. I know her. I can't get through. I don't know what's wrong. How do I do that? Good idea. Three eggs. I thought there would be more. They've turned off the ventilation system. They're calling him to dinner. What's with the chewing gum? Are you kidding? I always wanted to join the French Foreign Legion. Here. 23rd street subway station. Where we first found the fish. With a little luck, this will lead us right to it. Your talking about the nuclear testing in the Pacific. Sure. So why all the secrecy? Why aren't you guys working with the US military? How did you get all of this stuff into the country? Oh, my bags. I've checked them in. Why do you need that? Why are you telling this to me? Are you sure? How do you know? Oh. Sounds like a big company. Oh yeah, the insurance guy. Do I know you? Thanks.Nick, my men and I will hold them here. You will have to go and get help! Where's Luc and Pierre? That is when we will go in. Allez, allez! Major, what do you think could have done this? That is our job. CHARGEURES, property and casualty insurance. We are preparing a report. They are with me! I just wanted to say, au revoir and thank you for your help, my friend. It's Raymond. Who the hell are you? What'd they say? 555-7600. Tell them it's a code dragonfly. They should get you through. Contact the military and get them to send a bomber to blow up this building before these things escape. I think we should leave now. You were right. Let's hope we are not the hors d'oeuvres. Makes us look more American. So you're in? Yes. This testing done by my country left a terrible mess. We are here to clean it up. It is my job to protect my country. Sometimes I must even protect it from itself. From mistakes we have made. Mistakes that we do not want the world to know about. I am a patriot. I love my country. Can you understand that? I am not permitted to speak of such things. This is America. There is nothing you can not buy. We, have already taken care of them. I need your trust if you're to help me find the nest. I need you to trust me. We know. We have learned that your American friends have decided not to look for the creature's nest. It's the French Secret Service. SDECE, Service de Documentation Exterieure et de Contre-Espionnage. Agent Phillip Raymond. We've met before. Are you looking for this?