In the New York Herald, November 26, year 1911, there is an account of the hanging of three men -- ...they died for the murder of Sir Edmund William Godfrey -- -- Husband, Father, Pharmacist and all around gentle-man resident of -- Greenberry Hill, London. Population as listed. He was murdered by three vagrants whose motive was simple robbery.  They were identified as: ...Joseph Green..... ...Stanley Berry.... ...and Nigel Hill... Green, Berry and Hill. ...And I Would Like To Think This Was Only A Matter Of Chance. As reported in the Reno Gazzette, June of 1983 there is the story of a fire --- --- the water that it took to contain the fire -- -- and a scuba diver named Delmer Darion. What the fuck is that? Employee of the Peppermill Hotel and Casino, Reno, Nevada. Engaged as a blackjack dealer -- -- well liked and well regarded as a physical, recreational and sporting sort -- Delmer's true passion was for the lake -- -- as reported by the coroner, Delmer died of a heart attack somewhere between the lake and the tree.  But most curious side note is the suicide the next day of Craig Hansen -- ...volunteer firefighter, estranged father of four and a poor tendency to drink -- Mr. Hansen was the pilot of the plane that quite accidentally lifted Delmer Darion out of the water -- -- added to this, Mr. Hansen's tortured life met before with Delmer Darion just two nights previous -- ...oh God...fuck...I'm sorry...I'm sorry... The weight of the guilt and the measure of coincidence so large, Craig Hansen took his life. ...forgive me... And I Am Trying To Think This Was All Only A Matter Of Chance. The tale told at a 1961 awards dinner for the American Association Of Forensic Science by Dr. Donald Harper, president of the association, began with a simple suicide attempt -- Seventeen year old Sydney Barringer. In the city of Los Angeles on March 23, 1958. The coroner ruled that the unsuccessful suicide had suddenly become a succesful homicide.  To explain: The suicide was confirmed by a note, left in the breast pocket of Sydney Barringer -- At the same time young Sydney stood  on the ledge of this nine story building,  an argument swelled three stories below -- The neighbors heard, as they usually  did, the arguing of the tenants -- -- and it was not uncommon for them  to threaten each other with a shotgun  or one of the many handguns kept in the house -- Put it down, put that fuckin' thing down Fay -- And when the shotgun accidentaly went off, Sydney just happend to pass -- You CRAZY FUCKIN' BITCH WHAT ARE YOU DOING? Added to this, the two tenants turned out to be: Fay and Arthur Barringer. Sydney's mother and Sydney's father. When confronted with the charge, which took some figuring out for the officers on the scene of the crime, Fay Barringer  swore that she did not know that the gun was loaded. She always threatens me with the gun, but I don't keep it loaded -- -- and you didn't load the gun? Why would I load the gun? A young boy who lived in the building,  sometimes a vistor and friend to Sydney Barringer said that he had seen,  six days prior the loading of the shotgun -- C'mere a minute -- It seems that the arguing and the  fighting and all of the violence was far  too much for Sydney Barringer and knowing  his mother and father's tendency to fight, he decided to do something -- He said he wanted them to kill  each other, that all they wanted to do was kill each other and he would  help them if that's what they wanted to do -- Sydney Barringer jumps from the ninth floor rooftop -- His parents argue three stories below -- Her accidental shotgun blast hits Sydney in the stomach as he passes the arguing sixth floor window -- He is killed instantly but continues  to fall -- only to find, three stories below -- a safety net installed  three days prior for a set of window washers that would have broken his fall and saved  his life if not for the hole in his stomach. So Fay Barringer was charged with the  murder of her son and Sydney Barringer  noted as an accomplice in his own death... ...and it is in the humble opinion of this narrator that this is not just "Something  That Happened."  This cannot be "One of those things..." This, please, cannot be that.  And for what I would like to say, I can't. This Was Not Just A Matter Of Chance. Ohhhh. These strange things happen all the time. In this big game that we play it is not what you Hey. So? For over thirty years, America has hung  out and answered questions with Jimmy Gator. An American Legend and a true television icon, Jimmy celebrates his 200,000th hour of broadcast this week -- God, have I been around that long? He's a family man who's been married  for over forty years -- with two children and one grandchild on the way -- ...Donald W. Winnicott....1911...North America.... ...South America....the answer is four.... ...the answer is 22...the answer is gravity.... the answer is "The Life of Samuel Johnson." Let's go,let's go, let's go, you shoulda done that ten minutes ago -- We need more dog food -- -- talk in the car, talk in the car, moves your ass, c'mon -- Cmon,cmon,cmon, that one to? I need this one. Why the hell do you need all four  bags of books to go to school each day? I can't carry all of them.  I need them. I need my books. I need them to go to school. There's no reason for this many backpacks. Be ready at two -- Should be one-thirty. I got an audition, I won't make it  here 'till two, c'mon, I'll see you later. Love you. Love you too. Donnie, you have an answer? Promethius. It is! This is really exiting....bet you don't  get many people my age getting braces -- So we're all set to go, Donnie. Great, great, great, so I'll see you  tommorrow morning. You're running around like crazy, huh? I'm gonna be late for work. What the hell? What the hell? Hey! It's Quiz Kid Donnie Smith. Quiz Kid Donnie, why'd you drive into the seven eleven? How's today then? Fuckin' bullshit is what this is. Fuckin' bullshit is right, in'it? ...fuckin regret, move through this life.... ..and we do these things...get that back...  ...forget, forget....fuck....fuck...... ...make it right....and we do these things.... I'm onna need your help, Phil.  ...you gotta help me something today... I'II take care of anything, Earl. Hi, Linda. ...Press One to hear this person's personal description of themself and Two to leave a a personal message of your own -- Well, hello.  This is Jim.  I work in  Law Enforcement.  I am an officer for the L.A.P.D. and I work out of the Van Nuys  district.  I love my job, and I love to go to the movies.  I try to stay pyhsically fit,  my job demands it, so I'm in pretty good shape. I'm gettin' up there, though: I'm 32 years old  and I'm six feet two inches tall and I weigh about 160. I'm really interested in meeting someone special who likes quiet things.....my life is very  stressful and I'd hope to have a relationship  that is very calm and undemanding and loving -- If you would like to hear more personal  descriptions from other men in your area, press two now -- ...so much violence...but that's the way of the  world...good luck, as always...Serve and Protect and all that other blah-blah-blah on the side of the car it says -- This is not an easy job.  I get a call from Shirley on the radio: Bad News. It's never good news.  She tries to be cheerful, tries to say something  nice, but uh-huh, it's just Bad News. And It Stinks.  But this is my job.  And I Love It.  Because I want to do well. In this life and in this world I want  to do well.  And I want to help people. And I may get twenty bad calls a day.  But one time I help someone, I Make A Save? I correct a wrong or right a situation;  Then I'm a happy cop.  And We Move Through This Life We Should Try And Do Good. ...Do Good.  And If We Can Do That...And  Not Hurt Anyone Else.....Well, Then.... Hello? Quietly, slow down, whoa -- The door was open, I got a call -- Calm down. I got a call to this apartment, report of a disturbance -- I got a call of a disturbance, you're door was open, I just wanna see what's goin' on -- Then you've got nothin' to worry about. Don't test me, you wanna talk about  what the law book says, we can do that, push me far enough and I'll take you to jail -- now calm down. You're not calm.  You're screamin' and yellin' and I'm here to check  on a disturbance that was reported and that's what I'm gonna do - now are you alone in here? No you don't: But I'm gonna ask  you one more time: Are you alone in here? No one else in here? OK.  That's true.  Is anyone else,  besides me and besides you in this house? Are you lyin' to me? Maybe so, but I'm gonna ask you one  more time: Is Anyone Else In This House Right Now? Ok. What's your name? Ok. Marice why don't you take a seat for me? I'm not askin', Marcie. Maybe you didn't, but I'm here  to find out about a disturbance. Some neighbors called said they  heard screaming and a loud crash. And what about screaming? What's this, how did this happen? You just woke up.  And what'd you have a party last night, the way this place looks? Ok. Marcie. Starting now I want you  to have a new attitude with me.  The more  you play games, the more suspicious I'm gonna become that you've been up to something. Yes I can, Marcie.  And until you start givin' me some straight  answers: I'm gonna assume that some mischief has been goin' on here. Bad and illegal behavior. That's what I mean. Ok?  Mischief.  Now have you been doin' some drugs today? You on any medication? Been drinkin' today? --- What was that? No. No. Stay down, Marcie, sit  back down on that couch -- Marcie - CALM DOWN. CALM DOWN  and don't do this. I want you to stay -- This is the LAPD. If anyone is  back here I want you to come out and I want you to show yourself  to me with your hands in the air -- This is the LAPD, if anyone is in the closet I want you to come out  and show yourself to me, slowly and with your hands up -- Marcie - quiet down! Now if anyone is in the closet, come out now -- -- do not do this -- my gun is drawn and If I Have To Open That Closet  you will get shot -- Step Out Now. Marcie - Do not drag that couch any further! What the hell is this Marcie? ...n'I dowanna do this...sit here,  I can see the things, y'know...it's gettin' there that's the cocksucker...like...I see that pen...I see it, I know it's there, I reach out for it -- no -- ...no...no goddamn use. I have a son, y'know? You do? ...ah... Where is he? I don't know...I mean, he's around, he's here, in town, y'know, but I  don't know...he's a tough one...very.... Do you have a girlfriend, Phil? No. Get a girlfriend. I'm trying. And do good things with her...share  the thing...all that bullshit is true, y'know...find someone and hold on all that...Where's Linda? She went out.  She said she went  out to run some errands.  She'll be back. She's a good girl.  She's a little  nuts, but she's a good girl I think. She's a little daffy. She loves you. ...ah...maybe...yeah...she's a good one... When was the last time you talked to your son? ....I dunn...o....maybe ten...five, fuck, fuck....that's another thing that goes -- -- memory? Time lines, y'know?  I remember things but not so -- right there -- y'know? Yeah. "yeah."  the fuck do you know? I've seen it before. Other fuckin' assholes like me. There's no asshole like you. ...cocksucker.... How come every word you say is either  "cocksucker," or "shitballs," or "fuck?" Do me a personal favor -- Go fuck myself? You got it. ...I can't hold onto this anymore... I'll get you another pain pill. Another morphine pill -- ...gimme that fuckin' phone... Who are you gonna call? I wanna see this...where is he, do you know? Who? Jack. Is Jack your son? You wanna call him on the phone? We can call him, I can dial the  phone if you can remember the number -- -- it's not him. it's not him. He's the fuckin' asshole...Phil..c'mere... This is so boring...so goddamn... and dying wish and all that, old  man on a bed...fuck...wants one thing: It's ok. ...find him on the...Frank. His name's Frank Mackey -- Frank Mackey.  That's your son? that'snotmy name...find Lily, gimmme that, give it -- ifyougimmethat....overonthe....fuck.... I can't hold ontothis anymore... Respect the cock and tame the cunt, boys. And you did hear me right.  Tame it. Take it on, head first -- with your  skills at work and say, "No.  You will not control me.  You will not take my soul and you will not win this game." 'cause it is a game, guys, you wanna  think it's not -- go back to the schoolyard and have a crush on Mary Jane -- respect  the cock -- you are embedding this thought: I'm in charge.  I'm the one who says yes,  no, now or here.  Shit, man.  Sad but true. Sad But True.  And you wanna know what? It must be the way.  The thing about chicks and the thing about this course that we're going  through today is how You're Gwenovier? I'm Captain Muffy, I'm Frank's personal  assistant.  This is Doc -- Hello. We can go right in here.  He started about thirty five minutes ago, but it's all getting pumped up now -- Number One: Get a calendar.  I cannot stress this enough.  This is a simple  item guys.  It's 99 cents at your corner  store: Go And Get One.  Fuck it, if you reach into your packet, you'll see I've been nice enough to include one, 'cause that's the kind of prick I am --  You're gonna need this calendar and I know it sounds like a small thing, but having it makes all the difference in the world: If you meet a girl and you're  gonna work an A-3 Interuption --  let's say an eight day waiting period before  the next call -- how you gonna know when those eight days are up?  Buy a calendar. Next move?  Mark the calendar.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  What did I pay my eight  hundred dollars for?  To hear Frank tell me to buy a calendar and mark it?  Just stick  with me and stick by the calendar.  Mark it up -- use it to set goals -- If you wanna  make that "friend" something else -- you gotta be hard on yourself, set goals: You, there: And What's Your Name? Hi.  Is Frank there? I'm looking for Frank Mackey. Is this 509-9027? Alright.  Thank you. -- we're all set upstairs. You have everything you need? Denise? That's right -- -- and she hurt you didn't she? I know, I know.  I know how that can be brother, but let me tell you loud and clear what we will be teaching Denise when we put our calendars to work and set goals: Little Denise, I say this:  I mark it up and I write it down and you've been warned: "By the end of May, you will know I'm not gay." "On the fourth of June, Denise, you're gonna be lickin' my spoon." "And Come August, You Suck My Big Fat Sausage."  I've SET GOALS FOR MYSELF. And what?  I've said "enough is enough." Because why?  She's not gonna be your pal. She's not gonna be your friend.  You think she's gonna be there for you the second you need something?  Think again - this fuckin' bitch Denise! But: Listen up:  That is not to say that we don't all need women as friends, 'cause we're gonna  learn later on in Chapter 23 that having a couple of chick-friends laying around can come in real handy in setting Jealousy Traps.  But we'll get to that.  Number One (this is page 18 in your booklets, blue cover - go to it and follow along with me.) Create a crisis -- simple and clean, and if done properly can be quite effective in getting some bush.  Here we go:  Set a date with your so-called "friend."  Let's say you make it 7:30. You call her on the phone -- So I'll see you about 7:30?  Great, then.  Bye-bye, Cindy. You wait until about nine o'clock and you ring the doorbell. She opens it up, pissed as hell, but finds you sobbing your eyes out -- ...I can't believe what happened... You explain between sobs that you hit a dog on the way over to pick her up and you had to rush it to the animal  hospital but by the time you got there -- ...and it's paw was sticking out...  and it was too late.  It was too late. I can't believe I'm telling you guys this,  but the truly terrifying part is that: THIS WORKS. Any girl that calls herself your friend is not gonna let you be alone in a situation like that. Technique #2: Staging a fight.  This is not knock down, drag out, crying screaming, yelling -- this is a simple,  direct and subtle way of planting confusion into a girl's mind.  Remember we are using  reinforcement technique "G" with these women. Here's how: One day, she calls you up on the phone... Hello? You very directly say: "I don't think I have anything to say to you, Cindy." Let her wonder what she did wrong. This is the way...because they will always wonder, "What did I do?"  "What could I have done different?"  "How should I behave to get this back?" And if they think that way -- then they are asking for you to hurt them and  That Is What You Must Do.  That is what you must do which is punish them many, many times over. Mrs. Partridge -- I can help you through this the  best I know how but there are certain things you are gonna have to be  strong about and take care of, now we can go over them, but I need to  know that you're listening to me, ok? Well that's what Hospice will take care of for you.  They will send a nurse, someone  who can take care of all of that for you -- Phil's one of the nurses from the service? If you're happy with Phil taking care of him and helping you, that's fine,  but contact Hospice to arrange for the body -- We can fix that, because I can give you -- are you listening? Do you wanna sit down? Ok. Linda:  Earl is not gonna make it. He's dying. He is.  He is dying very, very rapidly -- Now the thing here is making that experience  as painless and easy as possible for him,  you understand?  Now you need to get in touch  with Hospice care because they can take care of all those practical things that you're asking  me about -- they are who you call when he dies. This is the number for Hospice. Ok. Now. As far as the morphine pills go, there is something else to consider that can take the pain away that he is in, there is a very strong and very potent solution of liquid morphine....it's a little bottle, with an eye dropper and it's easy to get in his mouth and drop on his tounge and  it will certainly diminish the pain that he is in but you have to realize that once you give it to him; there really  is no coming back, I mean, it will certainly cure his pain, but he will float in and  out of consciousness, even worse than he is now, Linda.  I mean, any sign of the  recognizable Earl will pretty much go away -- The job here is to make him as comfortable  as possible -- right now -- our job is to just try and make it as painless as possible. Right?  You understand? Hello? Hello.  Is Claudia here? She's asleep. Are you her boyfriend? You're Jimmy Gator, right? Yes.  What's your name? I'm Bob. You're her boyfriend? No, I'm just a friend.  What are you  doing here, I mean...you know Claudia? I'm her father. Can I come in? Yeah.  She's sleeping now, I mean -- Want me to wake her up? I'II go....is it...back here? It's me.  Claudia.  It's me. I'd like to talk to you.  Your boyfriend let me in, I just knocked on the door -- No.  No. I want to sit.  I want to talk to you. ...I want to....I want so many things, Claudia. Maybe we can just talk to straighten our things out....there are so many things that I want to tell you -- Please.  It doesn't have to be now.  Maybe we can make a date to sit down,  I didn't mean to walk in on you like this -- I don't want you to think that I'm that way to you -- I'm not gonna call you a slut or something -- Don't yell, honey.  Please don't go crazy -- I'm not saying that, I'm sorry -- I have something, so much -- I'm sick, Claudia. I'm sick. Now STOP IT and LISTEN to me right now. I AM DYING, I GOT SICK...now I fell down and I'm Not...DON'T -- I'm dying, Claudia.  I have cancer. I have cancer and I'm dying, soon.  It's metastasized in my bones and I -- I'm not lying to you, I'm not -- baby, please, please -- Please put your clothes on, please -- Honey. Your mother wants to hear from you -- I'm sorry. It's alright. Don. Hey, Avi.  I'll be right there. This is going to be ok. This is. This is. ...please... Don't Donnie. Don't do it. This is so fucked, Solomon. I don't deserve this. Don't get strong, Donnie. This is making sense, this making a lot of sense. You are not doing the job, the job I ask you to do, a job I give you.  Over and over and over and I'm sorry. But I'm not gonna say I'm sorry that much more. Solomon: I am in the middle of so much. So much in my life and this is --  If you do this, if you fire me: I Am Fucked. I can't really explain much, but please, please, I've worked here for four years, four years I've given you and I'm, I'm, I mean what?  I'm sorry I was late.  I had a car accident.  I accidentaly  drove into a seven-eleven. It was not my fault. Who's fault was it, Don? Avi, please, shut the fuck up for one second. Don, how much further  do you want me to go in showing you, showing you what I've done for you in four years and what you've done  back?  Do you want me to do it? I can.  The loans I've given, how much your sales  are, how late you are, over and over, loosing the keys to the Covina store -- I don't have any money, Solomon. If you fire me -- -- I give you money, I give you a paycheck. Your sales suck, Don. I give, I give. When I find you, when I meet you, what? I put you on the billboard,  I put you in the store, my salesman, my fucking representation of Solomon  and Solomon Electronic, Quiz Kid Donnie Smith from the game show -- I lent my name, my celebrity. Exactly -- FUCK YOU.  I pay you, I paid you. I give you a fucking chance and  a chance and over and over, over you  let me down.  I trust you with so much.  The keys to my store, the codes to my locks, the life, the blood of my bussiness and  return is smashing in seven-eleven, late, I paid you back. Two years! Two years later and out of your paycheck, I never charge interest -- Solomon, please.  Please.  I am so fucked  here if you do this.  This is the worst timing. The worst timing I could ever imagine.  I need to keep working.  I have so many debts, so many things, I have, I have, I have -- I have surgery -- I have my oral surgery coming -- What surery? Oral surgery.  Corrective teeth surgery. What is that? Braces. Braces? Yes. You don't need braces. Yes I do. Your teeth are fine. Your teeth are straight. I need corrective oral surgery. I need the braces. Don, you got hit by lightning that  time in Tahoe, you went on vacation,  I don't think braces is a good idea -- I can't believe you're gonna do this  to me, the situation I'm in, I don't --  Avi: You know what?  Being hit by lighting doesn't matter for getting braces, ok? Now Solomon, let me just ask you once: Please. Please. Don't do this. How are you paying tor the braces, Donnie? I don't know. And how much is braces? It's...doesn't matter.... It's like five thousand dollars, I've seen it, I know -- You're pissing me off, Don.  This is so unbelievable -- so fucking stupid,  you're gonna spend five thousand dollars  on braces you don't need -- I've been a good worker -- Don't do this, Don. No need for braces, Donnie. Where are you getting the money for this? I don't know. You were gonna ask me weren't you? I've been a good worker, Solomon. A hard and loyal -- No need for braces, Donnie. THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSSINESS. HEY FUCK YOU DON WATCH IT NOW. Give me your keys, Don. PLEASE DON'T DO THIS! GIMME YOUR FUCKIN' KEYS. Identified as Porter Parker, aged 59. Better known as the dead guy in the closet. So says the building guy, this is her husband -- -- he's doesn't live here, but he comes around, raises shit, screaming, yelling, something or other -- There's a son, apparently.  And a kid. And Where Are They? -- they are not to be found. And three wedding rings. Ok. The building guy says The Son and The Closet guy are always goin' at it -- And what is she saying? Not a god damn thing. Why did you kill him, Marcie? Did he hurt you, did he How long's he You're hurting yourself, Marcie. You have the dead body of your husband  in the closet of your apartment, Marcie. That Is Not Good. You hit him with the ashtray, you strangled him -- -- tell us he fell and hit his head, but tell us something, Marcie. Why did you kill him? -- Marcie: Where's your son?  Marcie?  Marcie?  Marcie tell us where your Son is now. Marcie tell us where your son is. ...4277 Tujunga... 10-4. How much you pay me for my help? I think it's more complicated than that little man. Put me on the payroll, find out, find out wassup -- You don't just sign up to be a police officer -- it's about three years of training -- ok? I'm trained, I'm ready to go, you wanna buy some candy to help underprivelaged youth in the -- Sorry, little man. You wanna take my statement, I'll  perform for you, gotta get paid though, gotta get PAID. Why the hell aren't you in school? No school today.  My teacher got sick. They don't have substitute teachers where you go to school? Nope.  So what'd they find out in there? That's confidential information, little man. Tell me what you know, I'll tell you  what I know -- No Can Do. Leave this one to the detectives,  they ain't gonna solve shit, I can  help you, make you the man with a plan, give you the gift that I flow -- think  fast -- you wanna know who killed that guy? Ok. Listen. You: c'mere. No. You wanna disrespect an officer of the law? I can help you solve the case, I can tell you who did it. Are you a joker? huh? Tellin' jokes? I'm a rapper. Oh, you're a rapper, huh?  You got a record contract? Not yet -- "give you the clue for  the bust if you show me some trust --" Have you ever been to Juvenille Hall? I ain't fuckin with you -- Hey. Watch the mouth. Watch it. C'mon, man, just watch me, watch and listen -- Go. Hurry up. Let's go. Presence - with a double ass meaning  gifts I bestow, with my riff, and my flow but you don't hear me though think fast, catch me, yo  cause I throw what I know with a  Resonance - fo'yo'trouble-ass fiend in  weenin yo-self off the back of the shelf Jackass crackas, bodystackas  dicktootin niggas, masturbatin' yo trigga butcha y'all just fake-ass niggas -- -- watch the mouth, homeboy, I don't need to hear that word -- -- livin' to get older  with a chip on your shoulder  'cept you think you got a grip, cauze you hip gotta holster?  Ain't no confessor, so busta, you best just  Shut The fuck up, try to listen and learn -- Alright, alright, cut it, coolio. That's enough with the mouth and the language. I'm almost done. Finish it up without the lip. Check that ego - come off it - I'm the profit - the proffesor  Ima teach you 'bout The Worm, who eventually turned to catch wreck with the neck of a long time oppressor  And he's runnin from the devil, but the debt is always gaining And if he's worth being hurt, he's worth  bringin' pain in - When the sunshine don't work, the Good Lord bring the rain in. Now that shit will help you SOLVE the case. Whatever that meant, I'm sure it's real helpful Ice-T. Did you listen to me? I was listening -- -- I told you who did it and you're not listening to me. -- and I'm through playin' games. C'mon, man. You're late, not me. You coulda been in front -- -- I didn't see you from the window. You ready to keep winning? Sure. Sorry we're late, Cynthia. I'm fine. Yes. I'm fine. Where's Richard and Julia? Go to it, handsome. See you. Who's ready to beat the record? That was close. It's fuckin cats and dogs out there -- Cats and Dogs, indeed. Where's the news department at this studio? Have you ever been there? I'm wondering about the weather  department. I'm wonderin' wether  or not the weather people use outside meteorlogical services or if they have in-house instruments? Ok. Come in. Fifteen minutes ago, where were those cards? I need you to get me Paula -- Yes. Now. Find her. She's somewhere in the building -- Find her, get her and tell her I want to talk to her, Mary.  Fucking hell. Hello? I'm drinking. As fast as I can. I went to see her -- some fuckin' asshole answers the door in his  underwear, he's fifty years old, there's coke and shit laid out on the table -- She went crazy.  She went crazy, Rose. I don't know.  I have to go, I don't have time and I have more drinking to do before I go march -- Love you too.. LAPD. Open the door. It's the LAPD, can you open the door, please? Good luck with everything. Can they do it?  Tune in live at three o'clock and see if Stanley Spector and  his brilliant friends Richard and Julia can defeat todays adult challengers Mim, Luis and Todd -- they're moving towards  A Half A Million Dollar Team Total and a "What Do Kids Know?" record -- Hi. I'd like to get an order for delivery. 818-753-0088. Yeah. I'd like to get an order of...um...peanut butter. Cigarettes. Camel Lights. Water. Um, no, y'know what? Forget the water, just give me a loaf of bread...white bread. And um....do you have Swank magazine? Ok. One of those. Do you have Ram Rod? The magazine, Ram Rod? Ok. One of those.  And...um...Barely Legal? Do you have that? That's it. Yes. What? Yes. Thank you. Chief, this is Gwenovier from the show, "Profiles," for the interview -- Hello, hello, I'm a bit out of breath from all this work -- Are we gonna tape some stuff now? You got us a room so quick? I'm kidding of course. I swear to fucking-god, I do one-a-my seminars, I'm Superaman! I'm Batman!  I'm like a fucking action hero the way  I feel afterwards, like I could walk out  this door, down the street, pick up any fuckin' pootie I see that has even one second to stop -- Just one look, one hesitation,  one subtle gesture for me to know -- And Bing-Bam-Boom I'm away on a  tangent -- I get so fuckin' amped  at these seminars and lemme tell you why: Because I Am What I Believe. I am what I teach, I do as I say,  I live by these rules as religiously as I preach them: And you wanna know  what? I'm gettin' pussy left, right, up, down, center and sideways. -- go, go, go.  I'm givin' pearls here. And I'II tell you samethin' else:  I'm not succeding in the bush because I'm Frank TJ Mackey.  If anything,  there are women out there that want  to What do you want to know? Make it happen, make it happen and go,go,go. Hello.  You're back again, huh? yeah, yes, hi, hello. -- can I get you? Diet Coke. Diet Coke. I want a shot of tequila too. -- what kind? It doesn't matter. Not as much as I used to.  Ever since we started, I haven't really gone in to  school that much because I've been getting more and more auditions -- I don't have regular classes anymore. What do you do? They just let me have my own study-time, my own reading time in the library. That's pretty cool. No. Like what? What do you mean, "like what?"  -- you could get endorsments and shit -- Bite it, Cynthia.  You could get free  things from people that want you to endorse their products. What's MOW? Was it a call back? If we beat the record, you might get a call back -- Saucy-saucy. Cynthia? How much time do we have? I should maybe go to the bathroom. I don't know. They look pretty smart, I think. What are they gonna do -- beat us? Maybe. When they want us done, they'll call  in the Harvard S.W.A.T team or some shit. You look great. ...you know... No. It's just...too late for me to be fuckin' around.  I gotta stop.  I gotta clean my brain of all the  shit I've done that I shouldn't have done -- I don't wanna have to lie to anyone.  I don't want to hurt anyone else, anymore. Thirty fuckin' years I've been with Rose, don't -- y'know -- with  this, and I know what you think -- Yeah. Yes. Yes. If she asks me any question I want to tell her.  I want to tell her everything I've done. I won't. I got in trouble at school. Fuck no. Ready to run.  Paula. You smell like trouble -- I'm fuckin' hammered, Burt. You ok? ooohhhhhh no.  Good.  You look these over? It's been the same fuckin' thing for thirty years, Burt -- These adults are tough enough, I think you'll be surprised -- the Mexican's a bit of a question mark -- Fuck - fuck - fuck - Jimmy - OPEN THE DOOR. ...yeah... -- you the resident here? You alone in there? No one else in there with you? You mind if I come in, check things? Ok. For one thing, we're gonna  need to turn that music down so we can talk, ok? You live alone? What's your name? Claudia What? Ok.  Claudia Wilson: You tryin' to go deaf? Did you hear what I said? -- listenin' to that music so loud: You Tryin' To Damage Your Ears? Well if you keep listenin' to the music that loud you're not only gonna damage your ears but your neighbors ears. And that could be the sign of a damaged ear drum, you understand? You got the TV on too, keep those on at that same time usually? Have you been drinkin' today, doin' some drugs? I got a call of a disturbance, screaming and yelling, loud music.  Has there been some screaming and yelling? Was it a boyfriend of yours? You don't have a boyfriend? Who was it? You mind if I check things back here? Claudia: Why don't you let me  handle the questions and you handle the answers, ok? You just move in here? Bit messy. I'm a bit of a slob myself. You and your boyfriend have a party last night? You look like you've got money in your pocket. Maybe I'm just happy to see my friend, Brad there. Just throw some money around. Money, money, money. This sounds threatening. Do you have love in your heart? I have love all over.  I even have love for you, friend. Is it real love? Well -- -- the kind of love that makes you feel that intagible joy.  Pit of your stomach. Like a bucket of acid and nerves running around and making you hurt and happy and all over you're head over heels....? Well you lost me with the last couple of cocktail words spoken, m'boy, but  I believe it's that sort of love. Sounds nice to me. I have love. A very chatty-kind, you do, indeed, it seems. No.  I mean, I'm telling you:  I'm telling you that I have love. And I'm listening avidly, fellow. My name is Donnie Smith and I have lot's of love to give. Hello. Wow.  Lot-o-stuff here, huh? The fuck is wrong with you? I gotta go to the bathroom. -- you cannot do that. You have to  tone it.  Don't be real agressive, just subtely abusive.  You must say, "No. You are not leaving this house until that room is cleaned." Like a pig sty.  But it's the outfits  that we're getting into now -- -- all dolled up. Let's make some fuckin' money, folks. You okay?  huh?  Jimmy? And the book says: "We may by through with  the past, but the past ain't through with us." C'mon, Jimmy, snap up, snap up -- In my sleep, Burt. Live from Burbank, California it's: "What Do Kids Know?" Going into our thirty-third year on the air, it's America's longest running quiz show and the place where three kids get to challenge three adults and in the end see who's boss! Moving towards their eighth consecutive  week as champions we have the kids: Richard, Julia and Stanley. And our new adult challengers  today are Todd, Luis, and Mim. Please say hello and welcome to the always ready host of "What Do Kids Know?" Your favorite: and my boss: Jimmy Gator! Back again, again, again!  I'm Jimmy Gator and believe it or not we are at the end  of week seven, going towards eight for these three incredible kids -- -- who hello-hello, are just two days and  two games from the "What Do Kids Now?" record for the longest winning streak in this shows thirty three year history -- We're endorsed by the PTA and the  North American Teacher's Foundation  and we are try and do our best to hold standards high -- that's why we're the  longest running quiz show in television history -- And let me say: With these three kids  right here, I wouldn't be surprised if we've got a while to go, but today is a dangerous day -- -- for I have met the three adult challengers backstage and they Let's jump right in, quick re-cap  for those who don't know: Round One. Three Categories. We want to know where your Son is, Marcie. Jerome Samuel Hall. Did he have a fight with your husband? Where they fighting? Maybe they had a fight, maybe it was an accident. Maybe it was an accident? Help him out, and help us get there before something else -- Help us help your son, Marcie. Steals are OK, escelating point scale from 25 to 250 so Let's Go Categories! Hi. $15.24. We have, "Authors" "The Dee Blue" and "Chaos vs. Superstring" Adults won a coin toss backstage and they'll have first choice: Todd. I'll take "Authors," Jimmy. Got it. First question for 25. This  female author's most famous work "O! Pioneers" -- Willa Cather. For 25.  Best known for the "tragedy and blood" genre, this author-playwright --  Thomas Kyd. This French playwright and actor joined the Bejart troupe of actors --  Moliere. I'm gonna need a full name, Stanley. Jean Baptiste Poquelin Moliere.  What the fuck is this? My little fucker -- I have no idea where he gets this stuff. Hi, hello, great.  This is Seduce and Destroy? It is.  Can I have your home phone number with area code? Well I don't want to order anything, you see. I have a situation, a situation just come  up that's really pretty serious and I'm not sure who I should talk to or  what I should do but could you maybe put me in touch with the right person  if I explain myself? I'm really only equipped to take orders -- Well can you connect me to someone else? Well what's the situation? Well, ok.  Lemme see how I explain  this without it seeming kinda crazy, but here go:  I'm, my name is Phil Parma and I work for a man named  Earl Partridge -- Mr. Earl Partidge.  I'm his nurse.  He's a very sick man. He's a dying man and he's sick and he's asked me to help him, to help him find  his son -- Hello?  Are you there, hello? I'm here, I'm listening. OK.  See:  Frank TJ Macky is Earl  Partridge's son.... Around here. Hollywood, mainly. My father worked in televison.  My mother -- this is gonna sound  silly to you -- she was a librarian. Well I guess it doesn't. She's retired. She's my mother. "Go Get 'Em, Honey." He passed away. people die. Not a problem. From '84 to '89. Right. ...this close... Muffy, can I get another ciggy? Cats and Dogs out there, huh? Must have alot goin' on for all that  stuff you got back there, eh?  You could  have quite a party all that stuff.... You been on Prozac long?  Dexadrine? Interesting drugs.  Dexadrine's basically speed in a pill.  Y'know?  But I guess a lot of doctors are balancing out the prozac with the dexadrine, eh?  That Liquid Morphine'll knock you down, out, around, up and down someone's not careful.....can't mix those up, y'know... ...Must have a lot goin' on in your life for all that stuff there. Strong, strong stuff here, boy...wow.... What exactly you have wrong, you need this stuff? -- what-what-what, ma'am -- I -- Please, lady, why don't you just calm down -- Why don't they have the same last name? They don't have the same last name. I know -- and I can't really explain that, but I have a feeling there's something,  some situation between them, like they don't  really know each other much or well, something like they don't talk much anymore -- Uh-huh. Does this sound weird? Well I'm not sure why you're calling me. There's no number for Frank in any  of Earl's stuff and he's pretty out of it -- I mean, like I said, he's dying, y'know.  Dying of Cancer. What kind of Cancer? Brain and Lung. My mother had breast cancer. It's rough.  I'm sorry, did she make it? Oh, she's fine. Oh that's good. It was scary though. It's a helluva disease. Sure is.  So why call me? I know this all seems silly.  I know that maybe I sound ridiculous, like maybe this is the scene of the  movie where the guy is trying to get ahold of the long-lost son, but this  is that scene.  Y'know?  I think they  have those scenes in movies because they're true, because they really happen.  And you gotta believe me: This is really happening.  I mean, I can give you my phone number and you can call me back  if you wanna check with whoever you can check  this with, but don't leave me hanging on this -- please -- please.  See: See:  See this is the scene of the movie where you help me out -- Like I said, yeah -- I don't how much I went -- but I was enrolled.  I was such a loser back then.  I was -- misguided, pathetic -- I was very fat. Not even close to what I am today.  Not the Frank TJ Mackey you're eager to talk to because I was swimming in what What name?  My name? My mother's name, actually.  Good question.  You've done you're research. "Frank" was my mother's father. Oh, yeah.  No, no, no.  They wouldn't -- no, no, no.  Certainly not.  I wasn't officialy enrolled, that's right. Was that unclear? I wouldn't want that to be misunderstood: My enrollment was totally unoffical because I was, sadly, unable to afford tuition up  there.  But there were three wonderful men who were kind enough to let me sit in on their classes, and they're names are:  Macready, Horn and Langtree among others. I was completely independent financially, and like I said: One Sad Sack A Shit.  So what we're looking at here is a true rags to riches story and I think that's  what most people respond to in "Seduce," And At The End Of The Day? Hey -- it may not  even be about picking up chicks and sticking your cock in it -- it's about finding What You Can Be In This World.  Defining It.  Controling It and  saying: I will take what is mine.  You just happen  to get a blow job out of it, then hey-what-the-fuck- why-not?  he.he.he. End of Round One! Excellent work ladies  and germs, let's see the scores on the boards: Kids up a leg with 2025, Adults down a bit with 1200.  We'll be back for Round Two and a Ring-Dang-Do -- HELLO! Musical Bonus Question before we go to break and the lucky team is -- Kids in the lead and they get a chance  to pull further and farther ahead -- with the following secret bonus musical question: I will read you a line from an opera and you are to give me the same line in the language in which the opera  was originaly written and for a bonus 25 you can sing it.  Here's the line: Well that was..uh..in French...and that was in the opera, "Carmen." And that goes...um... got some coffee brewing, huh? I like iced coffee, generally, but a day like this, rain and what not, I enjoy a warm cup -- That's great, thank you. Oh, it'll be fine, I'm sure, Claudia. That'd be fine.  So, Claudia, lemme just say, so I can get my role of LAPD officer out of the way before we enjoy our  coffee (I never like to talk shop over coffee) I'm not gonna write you up or anything, I'm not gonna give you a citation here --  but the real problem we have is that there are people around here, people that  work from their homes, people tryin' to get some work done, and if you're listenin' to  your music that loud:  They're incovenienced by that.  If you had a job you'd probably understand, but I see you like listenin'  to your music and that's fine, you're just  gonna wanna keep it down at a certain volume, maybe memorize what number you see on the dial and just always put it to that --  If it's the middle of the day -- that's  what I do -- just put it on two and a half  and that's a good listening level, alright?  I see you like listenin' to your music loud, but, hey, forget about the neighbors, you end up damaging your own ears ok? Arlight, then.  Cheers. Is this boyfriend bothering you? The gentleman who came to the door -- Many times, in damestic abuse situations the young lady is afraid to speak, but I have to tell you that, being a police officer, I've seen it happen:  Young woman afraid to speak, next thing  you know, I'm gettin' a call on the radio,  I got a 422 -- It's where situations like these  lead, Claudia, unless you do something about it early, if and when the police call and come for help.  Now there  are certain measures you can take -- I don't wanna have to come back here  in an hour and find that there's been another disturbance. But I wouldn't mind comin' back in  an hour just to see your pretty face! Okey-doke. I can't fuckin' do this. Fuck.  I think I'm gonna throw up, I think. I haven't thrown up since I was twenty years old. I have to go to the bathroom, Cynthia. I'm, I need to go, I'm gonna -- Why does this kinda shit always happen, Stanley? What's the problem over there? Mind yer bussiness -- I just asked what was going on -- Hey, Janet, it's Chad. Nothing's wrong, I just got some  guy on the phone on my other line, he's says he works for this guy, this guy who's Frank's father -- LILY.  FUCK. LIL, PLEASE. LILY. Phil, you there? Yeah, hey. Chad. Alright, so I'm gonna transfer  you over to Frank's assitant, Janet she's gonna see what she can do -- Thank you, Chad, and good luck to you and your mother -- Thank you.  Thank you very much. Ok. Janet you have Phil Parma -- Hi, hi, thank you for taking my call -- I have Cancer, Mary. I have about two months, I have no time.  It's in my bones and I don't have a chance. And I'm fucked.  I had a stroke last week -- Ten Seconds. ....do you know who I am? You're a friend of the family I presume? What?  What does that mean? Nothing special, just a spoke in the wheel. You talk in rhymes and riddles and  ra...rub-adub --- but that doesn't mean anything to me, see....see...see I used  to be smart....I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith. I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith from the tv -- Might of been before my time. I remember you.  I remember. In the 60's right? I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith. ...like you said... Smart Kid!  Fuck, yeah, he-he.  You got hit by lightning that one time, right? So what? I heard about that. Did it hurt? Yes. But you're alright now, so what's the what? What? That's right. I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid. Brad, dear? Who was it that said: "A man of genius  has seldom been ruined but by himself." -- Samuel Johnson. I don't know. It was the lovely Samuel Johnson who  also spoke of a fella "Who was not only  dull but a cause of dullness in others." "The" cause of dullness in others -- Picky, picky. -- and lemme tell you this: Samuel Johnson never had his life shit on and taken from him and his money stolen -- who took his life and his money?  His parents?  His mommy and daddy?  Make him live this life like this -- "A man of genius" gets shit on as a child and that scars and it hurts and  have you ever been hit by lighting? It hurts and it doesn't happen to everyone, it's an  electrical charge that finds it's way across the universe and lands in your body and your head -- and as for "ruined but by himself," not if his parents take his friggin' life and  his money and tell you to do this and do that and if you don't? well, what -- You're parents took your money you won on that game show? Yes they did.  What does that mean, "spoke in the wheel?" Things go round 'n round, don't they? Yes they do, they do, but I'll make  my dreams come true, you see?  I will. This sounds Sad as a Weeping Willow. I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid. Shall we drink to that? "If a brick weighs one pound plus one  half brick -- how much does the brick weigh?" "Well if subtracting the half of brick from the whole brick you got one half of brick, equals one pound so therefore the brick  equals two pounds --" "A little more than  kin and less than kind," is Hamlet to Claudius.  "The sins of the father laid upon the children," is Merchant of Venice but borrowed from Exodus  20:5 and "win her with gifts if she respects not words," is Two Gentleman from Verona. Where? Who? How and Why, Kids? "Why don't you shut the fuck up," is me to you, Chapter Right Here, Verse Right Now. KIDS!  Are you guys glued to those  seats or what?  Are you ever leaving? You're getting close to the record,  do you get more nervous as we go along? A little -- -- kids at school must be real excited for you, eh? Sure. Stanley the Man! How are you? I'm fine. Yes. You're fast becoming a celebrity.  How are you handling it all? Ohh, it's all fine. It's all. Nice. I'd just like to keep going....keep getting on.... Sure, sure...that's fine, then...there...with..... Well you've got..many..things, many things happening and on the way.... What were you saying, Stanley? I was saying...thinking maybe I'd get my own quiz show someday, Jimmy. Just like you! OK, OK, here we go: Steeper questions,  bigger payoff, individual challenges with  musical and audio pockets, no-steal-lock-out's, let's get it on in Round Two, Categories are: -- that's right, that's right, and what I'M  saying, that none of my competitors can say is this:  That there is no need for insight or understanding.  Things of the past! Gone, Over, Done. Do you realize how fucking miraculous this is? How fucking razor sharp and cutting edge and ahead of it's time this concept is?  I'm  talking about eliminating I just realized this is for television, isn't it?  I can't swear up and down like I just did. I warned you -- I get on a roll... Muffy -- coffee? Is that still lingering? So boring, so useless -- Thank you, Muffy.  Funny thing is: This is an important element of, "Seduce and Destory:" "Facing the past is an important way  in not making progress," that's something I tell my men over and over -- -- and I try and teach the students to ask: What is it in aid of? Yes. In aid of what? -- there's a lot more important things I'd like to put myself Not really. This is how you wanna spend the time, then go, go, go -- you're gonna  be surprised at what a waste it is -- "The most useless thing in the world  is that which is behind me," Chapter Three -- I'm not sure I hear a question in there? I know alotta women and I'm sure she remembers me. Mm. Hm. An old stomping ground --is this  the "attack" portion of the interview, I figured this was coming sooner  or later -- Is "the girl" coming in for the kill? Go ahead and waste your time. And that's what you've heard? Are you asking me a question? Kids, Adults, I'd like you to put yourself at a picnic.  Place yourself there with your family and friends if you'd like -- you'll hear three musical notes and you are to tell me what it might represent that you'd find at a picnic -- The First Three Notes: Well, Jimmy, I know this, I have perfect pitch, you see -- and that would be A-D-E. And that would represent lemonade. For 250.  Next notes, please: Got it.  That's E-G-G which would be ~egg." For 500 and the Third Set Of Notes: B-E-E -- and don't get stung. Let's listen: "Hello, Mary.  How are you and the  seven kids?  As you probably heard by  know, we sure gave that Pope a run for his money --" C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, snap out of it. Mim -- That's right! Imagine you are attending a jam session of classical composers and they have  each done an arrangment of the classic  favorite, "Whispering."  Here are three  variations on the theme, as three classic  composer's might have written it -- you are to name the composer.  The First: Well, Jimmy that sounded to me like Brahms, a bit like his Hungarian Dance Number Six, I believe. Excellent. Next number: Stanley the Man -- answer: ...I don't know the answer... That is not right!  That's not right,  Stanley, the answer is...Ravel....Ravel.... ....xhjksndlsmnop..... I need a better cutaway, go to the black chick, Camera Three, Camera Three the black chick -- Get the technical difficulty card up -- Cut it, go to the card, go to the fucking card -- Go to the card, now -- go -- This is, for not a fresh cup, a great cup of coffee, Claudia -- Did you piss your fuckin' pants, Stanley? Shut up -- shut up -- NOTHING. NOTHING HAPPEND. GO AWAY. What's the problem, what's the problem here? I'm fine. nothing. Why didn't you answer those questions? I didn't know the answer -- Bullshit.  Bullshit. You know the  answer to every goddamn question and I knew the answer to those questions  and I'm not half as smart as you are so What Happened? I don't know. He pissed his pants. Did you -- did you -- I didn't I'm fine, I'm fine. Stand up. I said I'm fine. ...oh Jesus, what the fuck...? I'm fine. I'm fine, I just wanna keep playing -- Why did you do this? I had a stroke, I think I had a stroke. Call 911. Call 911 right now. No, no, no. I'm fine. It's small, I wanna keep going -- no, no, c'mon Jimmy we need to call this quits and you need to see a doctor. I'm telling you right now, I'm fine.  I lost my goddamn balance and I couldn't see a moment, but I'm ok. Call 911, Mary, do it right now. You fuckin' don't do that. You don't do it, you cocksucker. I'll fuckin' kill you with my barehands.  Go. get the fuck  fuck -- we're going back and we finish the show -- Jimmy you look like you're about to fuckin' die right here -- Shut it.  Shut yer fuckin' mouth. Are we gonna keep going with this game? Yes. You're two fuckin' days from the  record, get through this and I'II  do anything for you, you just gotta get through this -- Alright. hang in there, ok. I love you. This is fuckin' stupidity, we'll get back on and go through it -- I think maybe we should rap this up, Chief -- What's that stand for? This is my job. Well if you listen' to that music  too loud again and that fella returns  maybe we'll share another cup of coffee -- No. No.  Don't joke about that.  That's not funny, Claudia.  Please, now. Ok, then.  Keep your chin up and your music down, alright? Just Jim. Bye, bye, Claudia. I'm sorry, Claudia. No, no.  I was wondering...man oh man.  I think I feel like a bit of a scum-bucket doing this, considering that I came here  as an officer of the law and the situation and all this but I think I'd be a fool if I didn't do something I really want  to do which is to ask you on a date. Please, yes. No. I don't know.  I haven't thought about it -- you know what -- that's not  true -- I have thought about it.  I've thought about going on a date with you since you opened the door. Yeah. No, I'm off tonight.  I would lov-like, to go tonight, I can pick you up,  I can pick you up here at about what time?  What time? What about ten o'clock, is that  too late?  I don't get off and then -- No, no, just casual maybe, maybe  I thought -- there's a spot I like to go,  it's real nice that overlooks a golf course and the course is lit up at night -- Yeah, You know it? You know Billingsley's? Oh, see?  This is great.  Ten o'clock. Bye. Not true.  Not true.  And you know what? Even if you don't get to pump her,  you can still practice honing your skills on a femenist -- -- I know -- -- and you need to do that. I will. No, you need to do it. Thisz Doc. What's up? He's doing the interview with the lady -- What happend? What am I doing? I'm quietly judging you. What a day and what a round, going back and in for me and the final  speed round to determine who's who  today -- scores on the board's Kids:  9225. Adults: 11,000.  And this game is  not out of reach for the Kids...can they  hang in there and break the record? (etc,etc) Elders! Who's the lucky so and so? C'mon down here, Mim. I don't wanna go, I can't do it this time. -- the fuck are you talking about? I don't wanna do it.  Why can't one of you do it -- Stanley if you don't fuckin' stand up  and go over there I'm gonna beat your ass -- I'm sick of being the one, the one who always has to do everything, I don't want to be the one always -- KIDS! Do I even have to ask?  Stanley, get your butt over here -- ...I'm sick....I'm sick here now..... I confuse melancholy and depression sometimes.... Mmm.Hmm. You see? Why don't you run along now friend, your dessert is getting cold. I'm sick. Stay that way. I'm sick and I'm in love. You seem the sort of person who confuses the two. That's right.  That's the first time you're right.  I CONFUSE THE TWO HEY.  HEY. I love you.  I love you and I'm sick. I'II talk to you....I'll talk to you  tommorrow.  I'm getting corrective oral  surgery tomorrow.  For my teeth.  For my  teeth and for you....for you so we can speak.  You have braces.  Me too.  Me too.  I'm getting braces, too.  For you.  For you, dear Brad.  And I don't have any money.  And I don't have any money now but I'II get it...I will for  you, Brad.  I love you, Brad.  Brad the Bartender. You wanna love me back?  Love me back and I'll be good to you.  I'II be god damn good for you.  And I won't be mad if you don't know who said what. I won't punish you if you get the answer wrong. I can teach and tell you: Samuel Johnson. Brad, honey, you have a special secret crush over here I think, don't take him too lovely -- he might get hurt -- You mind your own bussines. Gently, son -- Brad, I know you don't love me now -- "It's a dangerous thing to confuse chidlren with angels..." -- and you wanna know the common element for the entire group, like he asks...I'll tell you the answer: I'll tell you, 'cause I had that question.  I had that same question....Carbon.  In pencil led, it's in the form of graphite and in coal, it's all mixed up with other  impurities and in the diamond it's in hard form. "Well...all we were asking was the common element, Donnie...but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge...ahhh, Kids!  Full of useless thoughts, eh?"  Thank you. Thank you. And the book says: "We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us." And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT. I'm going to pass, Jimmy. Stanley, passing to one of the other kids -- We want Stanley to go, Jimmy. I don't want to go. I'm walking towards the elevator's, Janet. Yeah I'm here. No I haven't. What happend? I'm about to get off the elevator -- Yeah, I'm here, I'm off the elevator, walking down the hall, now -- Richard, Julia, kids?  What's it gonna be, we need a player for one on one -- We want Stanley to play, Jimmy and we're not sure why he won't -- I don't want to play.  I always play, I always answer the questions  and I don't wanna do it anymore -- What the fuck is he doing, what's wrong with him? This fuckin' kid ain't gettin' up and we don't have a show, live television, ladies and gents -- Is this a GET THE FUCK UP, KID. Time's up.  Thank you for the interview. You requested my time and I gave it you, you called me a liar and made accusations. And you say, "If I'd known I wouldn't have asked," then it's not an attack?  Well,  I don't wanna be the sort of fella who doesn't keep his word.  I gave you my time, Bitch. So fuck you now. -- fuck you. Frank, there's a situation on the phone -- I need a player, Kids....c'mon now. The indescision of a child, ladies and germs! This isn't funny.  This isn't "cute." Jimmy -- Jimmy -- we're not a toy -- we're not dolls, here.  This isn't  funny you see, the way we're looked at  if you think that we're cute Because What? What?  I'm made to feel like a freak  if I answer questions and I'm smart or  I have to go to the bathroom.  What Is That? And what is that, Jimmy, I'm asking? I'm asking what is that, Jimmy? I'm asking you that -- ? Well I'm not sure, Stanley. Is he at the house? Don't give me things, Janet just tell me the thing, the information -- We are not on display.  I am not a doll. I'm sorry, Stanley. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do this. FUCK. FUCK. FUCK. FUCK. I don't mean to cry, I'm sorry. It's okay, Stanley. It's alright. Take us off the air, go to the  the credits -- I haven't spoken to this asshole in ten years....what did I do....? What did I do today for this?  For all  of this? ....what....is this.... ....Is This A Movie.....? Linda -- I've got Frank...Frank Earl's son.  He's...he asked me to get him and I did -- No, Linda, you don't understan -- Put him on -- Earl asked me, Linda, please, Linda, I'm sorry -- Earl asked me -- There's no one there. Take me outta here, Mary...I gotta  go, I gotta go home to Rose, please, please. Did we win or lose, I mean --? You lost, kid.  They go to the score at the time it was called -- That's the way it goes. Bullshit. Who says that, what rule book,  in what sport?  This is different, it's a quiz show, they don't go by sports rules -- If he hadn't pissed his pants, we woulda won.  We fucking had this game. You didn't have shit, kid. Smart Kid Donnie Smith! Quiz Kid! He.He. ....it's alright.... Welcome back.  Back from break.  I hope you guys stayed away from those little nacho bits I saw out there...  I know...I know...hey, you're not payin'  for the snacks.... "How To Fake Like You Are Nice and Caring." This is...obviously...quite an important  section...I mean, let's face it...face the facts...Men Are Shit, right?  I mean,  that is what they all say.  We've all done bad things...bad things that no woman has ever done...that's what they say.  We As Men are taught to apologize: "I've done wrong." "I'm sorry."  "My needs as a man made me..." Something, something...bullshit....well what  I would like to say.... If you feel, made to feel like you need them, like -- like you can't live if you're without them or you need, what?  They're pussy?  They're love? Fuck that.  Self Sufficient, gents.  That's the truth. What you are -- we are -- you need them  for what?  To fucking make you a piece of snot rag?  A puppett?  huh?  Hear them bitch and moan? bitch and moan --  and we're taught one thing -- go the other way -- there is No Excuse I will give you, I'm not gonna apologize -- I'm not gonna  apologize for my NEED my DESIRE...my, the  things that I need as a man to feel comfortable... You understand?  You understand?  You need to say something, "my mommy hit me or  daddy hit me or didn't let me play soccer,  so now I make mistakes, cause a that -- something, so now I piss and shit on it and do this." Bullshit.  I'm sorry. ok. yeah. no. fuck.  go.  fuck. alright. go make a new mistake. maybe not, I dunno...fuck.... Phil...Phil... I'm onna try and talk...I'm atryan say some thing some thing... Do you know Lily?  Phil..do you know her? No. ...Lily...? No. She's my love...my life...love of it... In school when you're 12 years old.  In school, in six grade....and I saw her  and I didn't go to that school...but we met. And my friend knew her...I would say,  "What's that girl?"  "How's that Lily?" "Oh, she's a bad girl...she sleeps with  guys..."  My friend would say this....but  then sometime...I went to another school, you see? But then...when high school at the end, what's that?  What is that?  When you get to the end? Graduation? No, no, the grade...the grade that you're in? Twelve. Yeah...So I go to her school for that for grade twelve...and we meet...she was fuckin...like a doll...porcelain doll...and the hips...child bearing hips...y'know that?  So beautiful. But I didn't have sex with anyone, you know?  I was not...I couldn't  do anything...always scared, y'know...  she was...she had some boyfriends...they  liked her y'know...but I didn't like that. I couldn't get over that I wasn't a man,  but she was a woman. Y'see?  Y'see I didn't make her feel ok about that....I would say, "How many men you been with?"  She told me, I couldn't take it...take that I wasn't a man....because if I hadn't had sex with women...like as many women as she had men...then I was weak...a boy.... But I loved her...you understand?  ....well, of course, I wanted to have sex with her...and I did and we were  together....we met...age twelve, but then  again...age seventeen...something, somethin... I didn't let her forget that I thought she was a bad...a slut.....a slut I would call her and hit her....I hit her for what she did...but we married...Lily and me and we married...but I cheated on her...over and over and over again...because I wanted to be a man and I couldn't let her be  a woman...a smart, free person who was something...my mind then, so fuckin'  stupid, so fuckin....jesus christ, what would I think...did I think....? ...for what I've done...She's my wife for thirty eight years...I went behind her... over and over...fucking asshole I am  that I would go out and fuck and come home and get in her bed and say  "I love you..."  This'z Jack's mother. His mother Lily...these two that I had and I lost .... and this is the regret that  you make...the regret you make is the something that you take...blah...blah...blah...  something, something..... Gimme a cigarettee? She had cancer...from her...in her  stomach and I didn't go anywhere  with her...and I didn't do a god thing... for her and to help her....shit...this bitch...the beautiful, beautiful bitch with perfect skin and child bearing  hips and so soft...her namewasLilysee? He liked her though he did, his mom,  Frank/Jack...he took care of her and she died. She didn't stick with him and he thinks  and he hates me, ok...see...I'm...that's then what you get?  ....are you still walkin' in that car...? What?  Say it again...walking in the car? ....getthat on the tv....there... ...mistakes like this are not ok...  sometimes you make some, and ok...not sometimes to make other one....know that you should do better....I loved Lily. I cheated on her.  For thirty five years. And I have this son.  And she has cancer.  And I'm not there.  And he's forced to take  care of her.  He's fourteen years old to take care of his mother and watch her die on him.  Little Kid.  And I'm not there.  And She Dies. And I Live My Life.  And I'm Not Fair.  Thirty eight years and she has cancer and I'm gone...I leave...I walk out, I can't deal with that...who am I?  Who the fuck do I think I am to go and do a thing? Shit on that and that lovely person.  I'll go away...I'll go away...I can't  hold this..you gotta take this fuckin'  pen outta my hand...you fuckin' piss, cocksucker...  .....atke this..... I got it. OH FUCK...THIS FUCKIN STORY HAS FALLEN APART ...The attachment....I loved her so much. And I didn't treat her and the goddamn  regret...THE GODDAMN REGRET...and I'll die... Now I'll die and I'll tell you: what? The biggest regret of my life:  I let my love go..... ...I ruined my love...jesus...jesus christ.  what did I do and I had to get away...? something, something to do....I can't explain. ....I love her so much....leave her there.... and to punish...punish her.... ....and the punishment for what? What?  ...nothing....and I'm so embarresed.... so embarresed for what I've done... I'm seventy five years old and embarresed. ....million years ago...my fuckin REGRET AND GUILT AND these things...don't  let anyone tell you that you shouldn't regret anything.....don't do that...don't..... ...you fuckin' regret what you want...  ...use that....use that.... ....use that regret for you any way  you want...you can use that ok.... someone says not to regret or think about  the past, something, mistakes we make.....bullshit. ....this is a long way to go for no punch...a little moral....story I say...  Love. love. love....this fuckin' life.... ohhhhhhh, love..... ...it's so fuckin' hard....and so long.... life ain't short it's long....Life is long,  godddmnit -- god damn....whatd I do? Whatd I do? ohhhh what'dIdo? It's ok...I'm gonna stay...stay it out. ...it's not going to stop...it's not going to stop 'till you wise up..." "You're sure there's a cure and you have finally found it" "You think....one drink...will shrink  'till you're underground and living down,  but it's not going to stop..." "It's not going to stop...it's not going to stop...." "...it's not going to stop 'till you wise up..." "...it's not going to stop...it's not going to stop....it's not gonna  stop 'till you wise up, no it's not gonna stop..." "..till you wise up, no it's not  going to stop, so just....give up." You know, you know, you know. Go,go,go. Hello, dear...I need a favor. Hello.  Frank.  Frank TJ Mackey. ...are you Phil...? Yeah. I was trying to get in touch with you.  We got dissconnected. I got your message.  That you were trying to get me -- right? Yes.  I didn't know how to find you. Earl asked me, so I looked through  the adress books and there was no number, nothing -- Is Linda here? She's not here, she went out.  I'm sorry.  This is all just so,  I don't know what, what to do -- your  Dad asked me to try and track you down.  To get you and I did, I called the number -- Do you wanna come in? Yeah let's...maybe just stand. These Dogs'll calm down -- you just have to come in -- He's in here. Let's just wait one minute and stay here, okay? Ok. How long have you taken care of him? For six months.  I'm the day nurse... Uh-huh.  What's going on? He's...I'm sorry...so sorry...I've seen  this before, you know and you don't.... He's going very fast....Frank...um.... Is he in pain? I just...he was...but I gave him,  I just had to give him a small dose of  liquid morphine.  He hasn't been able to swallow the morphine pills so we now,  I just had to go to the liquid morphine... For the pain, you understand? ...uh-huh... How long...you think? Um...soon tonight...I think, yes?  Tommorrow...I mean...very soon...very... When did he go off chemo? About three weeks ago. .....have you ever seen this..I mean,  never mind, you said -- I work as a nurse, for a proffesion -- Uh. huh. I'm really sorry. He's in here --? Yeah. No, let's just wait one minute, let's just stand here one minute or so -- I've heard your tapes on the phone. Oh yeah. When they put me on hold, to  talk to you...they play the tapes.  I mean: I'd seen the commercials and heard about you, but I'd never heard the tapes .... Uh. huh. It's interesting. Mmm. Lady...hey Lady...Lady....you ok? you alive...huh...hey? Lady.  Lady. Hey wake up.  Lady? Hello?  Hello?  I have an emergency situation -- this lady -- this lady seems like she's dead -- hello?  She's in the parking lot -- (etc. gives information regarding location. etc.) I don't think I want that. It's not really pain. I gotta ask you for a cigarette, 'cause I don't wanna spend six hours tryin' to get it to my mouth -- How do we do this, then? Do you love me, Rose? I'm a bad person. No, I mean:  I'm telling you this, now. You see?  You see I want to make everything clear and clean...and  apologize for me....for all the stupid  things I've done....that will eat me up.... --- don't.  don't.  Please.  Just... listen to me...honey.... ...I've done...I've cheated on you. I've cheated on you and it kills me and the guilt of what I've done...I don't want you to think...maybe you knew, I think that maybe you've known... So I hope that I'm not saying this for  me...for me to make myself feel better about what I've done...but for making  you not feel like you're sitting there  like a jerk...you've been the good one...  You understand...I'm so sorry for all I've done wrong...and this is pathetic...what?  "Dying man, confess the sins" something? Is it selfish for me to say this?  To  say what I've done...I feel better already. I do...do you hate me? Yeah. Will that help? Well, that's a natural thing, two people go out on a date, something.  They want to impress people, the other person...or they're scared maybe what they say will make the other person not like them -- Well I don't go out very much. I've never found someone really that I think I would like to go out with. No, no. ok. ...yeah... Let's make a deal. Wow....huh..."...piss and shit..." You really use strong language. -- no, no, it's fine. Fine. It's fine. ...nothing.  I'm sorry... -- well I'm a real...y'know, straight when it comes to that...curse words I just don't use much -- ok. So....Phil....um...I think I'm gonna step in and try and see him and say  something if he can...talk...I mean: ...ok... Can you stand...back...maybe, I mean... just a little bit...in the room is ok, but back from us a little... yeah. ...Dad...Dad...hey...Earl? ...hey...Dad...Dad can you wake up a minute Dad? He's not waking up. I don't even remember...many...twenty...  maybe more...not much more...twenty times. I'll answer anything. Yes. Rose, I don't -- Paula.  Ellen. That's it. No. Just once. Two years...three years... It's over.  I talked to her this morning. It's over becuase...for all the the right reasons I hope, what I said. What? No, Rose, jesus, no -- I don't. I don't know.... I love you so much. Why, well I think we've, we both don't know...what do you mean? Maybe...I don't... Hi. Hi. ..sorry... It's ok. Are you alright? Well. Yeah. Yeah, of course. -- no, like what, what do you mean? I lost my gun. I lost my gun after I left you today and I'm the laughing stock of a lot  of people.  I wanted to tell you that.  I wanted you to know...and it's on my mind and it makes me look like a fool and  I feel like a fool and you asked that we should say things, that we should say what we're thinknig and not lie  about things and I'll tell you that, this: that I lost my gun and I'm not a good  cop...and I'm looked down at...and I know that....and I'm scared that once you find that out you might not like me. I'm sorry -- I haven't been on a date since I  was married and that was three years ago....and Claudia...whatever you wanna tell me, whatever you think  might scare me, won't...and I will listen...I will be a good listener  to you if that's what you want...and  you know, you know...I won't judge you.... I can do that sometimes, I know, but  I won't...I can...listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you.... It's ok. It's ok. I'll take everything at face value. I'll be a good listener to you. Say what you want and you'll see -- Yes I do. Hi. Hi. ..sorry... It's ok. Are you alright? Do you know the answer to this? I think that she thinks I may have molested her. She thinks terrible things that  somehow got in her head...that I might have done something.  She said that to me last time...when it was...ten years ago she walked out the door,  "You touched me wrong..." "I know that."  Some crazy thought in her, in her head... ...No.... I don't know. I really don't know. ...I don't know... What...? ...no...no, please... I don't know what I've done. Stay here, please don't leave me, please, please, if I said I knew would you stay? I don't know what I've done. What? I won't say, no, wait, Claudia -- please, what is it, please -- What am I doing?  What am I doing?  What the fuck am I doing? WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING? Dad...dad it's me...it's Frank... It's Jack....It's Jack....Dad.... I'm here.  I'm here now.  What do you want? Do you want anything? I don't think, he can't... ...just wait...Dad...you want something...can you say... .....fuck...fuck...fuck... ...thismssm.... Oh, Dad.  It's ok. jesus. ok.  it's ok...I'm here with you now, please. i'm sorry...it's ok. alright..ok. ....you have it...easy....you know?  You have a father who loves you, huh? Yes. You know what it's like to come home  scared, scared that maybe if you don't have the money you're supposed to  go out each day and get that you're gonna get beaten....by a belt...he hits me  with a belt, Stanley.... I'm supposed to sell those candy bars, and if I don't, I come home without  the money.... ....Why does he do it...? Cause he hates me....he hates me so much. It's not right. I hate it. I'm sorry to put all this on you, Stanley -- I have money. ...what...? I have money to give you. No.  No.  I have to do this on my own. I can take you to get money.  I don't need it...I don't Where do you have it? Fuck. There are frogs falling from the sky. You are not what you think you are. What is that? It's frogs.  It's raining frogs. ...fuck you mean, it's raining frogs? It's raining frogs from the sky. ....what the fuck, what the fuck.... This happens....this is something that happens. What the fuck is goin' on, WHAT THE DADDY! DAD! DAD WHAT THE HELL IS GOIN' ON? Stay quiet...stay quiet, son -- LET'S GO, LET'S GO, LET'S GET HIS MONEY No, Son...be quiet...be quiet now... C'mon, Dad.  We gotta just GET HIS  MONEY AND GO, LET'S GO. Let's get the money -- We're not gonna do that now.  We're  not gonna do that now and that's over. BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT, DAD WE NEED GIVE US YOUR MONEY MAN. Son, don't -- BULLSHIT, BULLSHIT DAD WE GOTTA GET -- no. Put the gun down, please, boy. GIVE US YOUR MONEY, KID. Son, please, now.... DAD -- Please, boy, put it down and it's ok. It's ok -- We gotta get his money so we can get outta here -- we gotta -- That idea is over now.  We're not gonna do that now. DADDY, FUCK, DADDY, DON'T GET MAD AT ME. I'm not mad, son, I will not be mad  at you and it's ok and please put it  down and I won't be mad and I won't -- DAD. I - just - thought - that - I - didn't want - I - didn't - I - didn't - It's ok, boy. "It's not that easy bein' green... Having to spend each day the color  of the leaves..." My teeff...my teeef.... YOU'RE OK...you're gonna be ok.... And there is the account of the hanging of three men....and a scuba diver and  a suicide..... There are stories of coincidence and chance and intersections and strange  things told and which is which and who only knows... ...and we generally say, "Well if that was  in movie I wouldn't believe it." Are you with us?  Linda?  Is it Linda? Someone's so and so meet someone else's so and so and so on -- And it is in the humble opinion of this narrator that these strange things  happen all the time.... Dad...Dad. You have to be nicer to me, Dad. Go to bed. I think that you have to be nicer to me. Go to bed. ...and so it goes and so it goes and  the book says, "We may be through with the past, but the past is not through with us." I know that I did a thtupid thing. Tho-thtupid...getting brathes...I thought... I thought that he would love me. ...getting brathes, for what...  for thumthing I didn't even...i don't know where to put things, y'know? I really do hath love to give, I juth don't know where to put it -- ...these security systems can be a real joke. I mean, a frog falls from the sky and lands  on the x-4 box 'round back and opens all the doors? Triggers a siutation?  You don't know who could be driving by at any moment, walk in and rob the place -- I was you I'd talk to your boss about a new security system -- ....ohh-thur-I-thur-thill.... You guys make alotta money, huh? I got a buddy a mine down at the  med. center, he'd probably do quite a deal on a set of dentures, you're  interested in that.  He's in training, you know he's not a dentist yet, but he's real good at corrective oral surgery from what I understand... ...alot of people think this is just a job that you go to.....take a lunch  hour, the jobs over, something like that. But...it's a 24 hour deal...no two ways about it....and what most people don't  see:  Just How Hard It Is To Do The Right Thing. People think if I make a judgment call that it's a judgment on them...but  that's not what I do and that's not  what should be done...I have to take everything and play it as it lays.  Sometimes people need a little help. Sometimes people need to be forgiven  and sometimes they need to go to jail. And that's a very tricky thing on my  part...making that call...the law is the law and heck if I'm gonna break it...but  you can forgive someone....?  Well, that's the tough part....What Do We Forgive?  Tough part of the job.....tough part of walking down the street... 