Red or white? I'm afraid this is a wine bar, Mr. Quince. Well sir, it's 9:30 in the morning. Pinot Grigio. We're considering it for the appetizer. -- The late harvest Riesling, Mr. Quince, a possibility for dessert.Right away. How would you like that, sir? On some kind of toast? I would say, sir, it is right up there with Jif and Skippy. But miles ahead of Peter Pan. Like a taste? You mean this, sir? Yes sir, Mr. Black, a pleasure. Yes, sir?Well, maybe next time Joe goes, he'll take us along. Very. That was 'Joe'. Just plain 'Joe'? Yeah, Bill, the suspense is killing me. Unfortunately. I sat between them at the Bronx Zoo benefit -- it was better than Seconal. He's coming. So I guess a blowjob's out of the question? Oh, you're the great Joe's attorney now? Are we going to go to court? Or are we going to go to bed? And I don't mean you and me. I mean you and him. Yeah. Goodnight. No, not okay. I thought we had a good thing going here. It shows you never know. That may be. But I don't like the fucker. I don't like the way he looks at you and talks to you. And vice versa. Daddy'll do fine. Besides, he's got Joe. And so do you. Include me out. I've had enough of the conversations. -- Did I hear 'business'? Hello, Beautiful. Bontecou wants a speedier response than that. Thank you for coming. Am I not obligated to? Bill's birthday is the day after tomorrow. There is a provisory by- law in our charter. Per the discre- tion of the Board, Corporate off- icers can be retired at age sixty- five. The dagger --? I'm not stepping anywhere -- So tell me, tell me, I'm peeing in my pants. Not good, not bad, you know what we got? Nothing. No credit, no cars, no mortgages -- no wives. Nothing. I'll make a note of it. Anything else? Is this a state secret or are we being excluded just for the fun of it? Who are we talking about? Well, I'm going to tell you anyway. I did cheat on that exam at Groton. But so did twenty-six other guys, and nobody ever mentioned it until today. And I'm expecting you won't mention it again. I don't know who you are and where you're getting your information, but I'm willing to pretend I did not hear it, and let bygones be bygones. But can I tell you something else, it'd be nice to see the big guy without you next to him. What are you, his shadow? Do you hold his dick for him when he goes to take a leak? You know some- times somebody would like a few min- utes alone with W.P. That means without you. Okay, pal? Let's eat. May I interrupting? It doesn't matter. It's just a saying, Mr. Black, Yes. Yes. And a glass. Hot or cold. Anything else, Mr. Black? How about some water? The Board of Parrish Communications - is hereby called to order. Our sole order of business is an acceptance of John Bontecou's generous offer and -- Nice to see you. I didn't expect you, but certainly you can't get enough of a good thing. 'Here'? Incidentally, Joe, where're you staying? Joe sounds like a ringer, Bill. I have the feeling you guys got the broad strokes already. Need any help with the details? What side of the industry did you say you were on? You're talking through your hat. You're offering a deal because you've got no proof. And what do I get? I think I'd like to talk to my lawyer -- Is this Mr. Black's fantasy? Another one of his whoppers? Aren't you sick of this asshole lurking around? No one knows who he is, but one thing everyone does know, he somehow got your ear and has been pouring poison into it ever since. I don't know where you get that idea -- the Board agreed -- Mandatory retirement upon our Chairman's sixty-fifth birthday. But who is he? What are his creden- tials? What is his relationship to you? Certainly, Bill. So I am to understand from your re- sponse that you do not want to hear the details of Bontecou's offer? Don't you want to hear the details? Bontecou wants a quick response and -- Did you want to have a cup of coffee or something, Bill? Certainly. Goodnight. I'm just giving you the truth. There was a time when William Parrish liked the truth. Yours. With all due respect, you damn well better care because if you try to stonewall them again, there'll be blood on the floor. What do you think the Board is going to say when I tell them that? If I read this Board right now, they want you to accept Bontecou's offer. Yes, you made your feeling abun- dantly clear. Now they want to do the same with theirs. Sure. I have to go, Bill -- it's been a helluva day. Need a few minutes to sort everything out. Mind if I throw up? For how long? And why? As much as Joe's? I thought this was practically a done deal -- I was hired, you told me, to help bring Parrish Communications into the 21st Century. This merger is the vehicle -- How nice for you both. Before I do -- I was hoping we might be alone, Bill. 'Just kidding'? But the matter's still on the table, Bill -- Glad I could be of some help. You're not familiar with the phrase, "In this world, nothing is certain but Death and Taxes"? That's your privilege, Bill. But given our needs, given the absolute necessity for growth, given the fu- ture, the truth is... joining John Bontecou is every bit as certain as - Death and Taxes. ...Sounds like you're not leaving much room for discussion. I get the feeling you've done some business before. Have we met? Like 'Smith' or 'Jones --' Is there any more to it? 'Joe...' What?! Yeah, something he goes by -- Olympic. So... Board convenes tomorrow, you'll recommend, we close and it's a deal, right? You have a way with words. I thought it was great, I thought you and Big John would be like a couple of bulls in a china shop -- Instead it was -- I'm all excited -- That's great! Wait 'til I show it to Bontecou. Bill, after this deal, you'll be able to afford one. It's going to be great -- ...Tomorrow we sign off -- photo opportunity, you and Big John, it'll lead network news. Okay so far? Why yes, Bill, I was saying to Quince -- I was saying to Quince we won't need -- 'Yes' to the deal? What'd it say? A voice? Well, it's a big day. Wanted to line up a few ducks before kickoff. Any thoughts? Last minute refine- ments or variations? Yeah, the short, gray hairs. He said that? This is damn big of Bill, I also think it's smart. Go right ahead. Tell William Parrish how you betrayed him at a secret Board meeting. And tell Allison how you got her father fired -- and he lost his company. The train's left the station, pal, and you're aboard. Would you like to hear the silver lining? Check that, gold. I've been working with John Bontecou all along. We had a game plan -- acquire Parrish Communications then break it apart and peddle it piece-by-piece to the highest bidder. I set it up for him, he smacks it out of the park. Quince, you can't unscramble scrambled eggs. That we did. Thanks to you. He was wobbling, mind you, but you spplied the coup de grace. 'It's up to Joe'? -- But he was concerned about the timing? How did Bill react to the leads you've developed? You're on, Quin-cee. Destination Hospital. Joe, you'll be the Tour Guide. Okay? How's that sound to you? Yeah. Neat. Well, that's very interesting. 'It's up to Joe', huh? 'It's up to Joe'? Those were his words? Are you? Thanks, Quince. Joe, you do get around. You're overthinking it -- Quince, m'man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and Bill. More people might --Toast? No...just the butter. I would prefer some peanut butter. 'Laura Scudder's Peanut Butter'. You like it? What are you eating. Hello. I'm Joe Black. Nice to meet you. I appreciate your gentlemanliness, Bill, but what we need to do here is drive the dagger home -- -- And now you're going to pee some more. No, I don't -- Perhaps you could remind me. Susan's patient is whom we are talking about. But I know she's grateful for the care you're giving her. No. Yes. Then why did you bring it up? Of whom? What an odd pairing. "Death and Taxes"? Cold. Why yes, thank you. Do you have any more of these deli- cious cookies? Thank you. Here... I didn't say. We have an arrangement now. Can do no right by people. Come to take, you wan' to stay, leave you stay, you wan' to go. Rahtid! Brung you flowers and all I gettin's facety back. Don' need you okayin'. She knows how she feel. I am. Yah. Mine, too. Yes. Nuthin'. No, I come to see Doctor. Don' be facety, woman. Not time yet. Can't, sistah. Doctor lady make it irey. I nuttin' to do wi' dat. No, no. I on holiday. I from dat nex' place. Obeah evil. I not evil. No. Because that's the kind of man Bill Parrish is. Oh yes, you are one of my favorites. What do you mean 'free'? 'The deepest, darkest secrets --'? But she loves you? How did you meet? You love Allison, don't you? Love. Do I? I'm a little confused. You're welcome. And you're a nice man, Quince. On the other hand, Winston Churchill drank a bottle of cognac a day and lived until he was ninety-one. Cirrhosis of the liver is the fifth leading killer of adult Western males. That's very gracious of you, Quince. It's so very nice to see you again. Black. As long as it takes. Are you? Yes? Yeah...and you're the prettier thing here. Well, I don't know what else to say. It's a helluva party -- Thank you for loving me. Susan -- I love you now, I'll love you always -- I'm still here. I - uh -- The 'coffee shop' -- Did I say that? I believe that, don't you? 'Love will find out the way'? What will we do? Will it? But there's so much to tell you -- We know so little about each other -- No worse than it gets for me. I'm in love with a woman whom I don't want to leave. I can tell you the when part. Tonight. Well -- I -- Yes. Your father and I, our time together has come to an end. I love you in an evening gown. Oh, I hope a long, long time. Nowhere? I'm...here. Yes! I loved it. ...No. Yes, he's tired. I believe so. He's taking a nap. How beautiful. I am. Faster. And I want the scent from underneath your ears and the taste of your lips and the touch of your tongue to stay with me -- forever. Well...I'm -- uh, Joe. And you're Susan. And I - uh - have this weak feeling in my knees -- Yes? Why, yes. Thank you. -- Could you? Thank you. I love your smell. Please. We don't need to talk about Drew. Almost. You first. Yes. I'm tired. To bed. No. No. No, I'm not. Why? I don't like the way Drew spoken to you. But I feel better about it now because of the way you spoke back. I'm sorry to hear that. Has her pain abated? I'm very concerned about the woman you attended to today. Yes...I've found that it does. Yes... I don't know. I mean I appreciate that. I appreciate you -- Well, now I am sorry. For intruding on you this afternoon. I wanted to apologize, Susan -- Be sorry for nothing. Not now. She's in a great deal of pain. I don't mind -- And I'll be a visitor. Whatever you do. Very well, I'll watch. I came to see you. Oh goodness, no. How nice you look. Is that your uniform? Yes? Goodnight to you, Susan. Did you know you have a wet spot on your shoulder? Susan? I have a certain function to per- form, and that seems to take all of my time. Bu sometimes - uh - I speculate - uh - I haven't left room for - uh - anything else. I don't have any. I guess what I'm trying to say is -- I'd like us to be friends. I'm sorry. Do you live here? When you put your mouth to his, Susan, it seems a frequent thing. Do you love Drew? I haven't. Peanut butter. That is not my intention. I am Joe. 'Big'? I'm sorry. I'm lost. Yes. Yes. Not exactly. Happy Birthday, Bill. An indictable offense. Undisclosed conflict of interest -- And we're very grateful. I'll take it from here -- I am -- Prepare yourself, Drew - I am -- It's time to put this person where he belongs. Okay. Are you threatening me? I don't like what you're saying. No. Susan wants to come. She says she's in love with me. Those were my words, Bill. So that's what love is? Which is what? Then what is it? I love her, Bill. She is all that I ever wanted, and I've never wanted for anything because I've never wanted anything before, if you can understand. I'm sorry, Bill -- I think you heard me, Bill. I'm in love with your daughter, and I'm taking her with me tonight. -- And I'm in love with your daughter. I was just asking, Bill. Not at all. Good. Tomorrow, after the party. You are? -- I have the feeling that, all in all, what I made this voyage for -- has served its purpose. Uh -- I told you, 'watch it'. May I remind you this is not just a dispute with a putative suitor, this is me. So watch it...Bill. I don't like your tone, and I don't like your references. This universe? I picked you for your verve, your excellence, and for your ability to - how shall I say - instruct. You've lived a first-rate life. And I find it eminently usable. 'Spooning'? With all due respect, Bill, I'm not asking your permission. I'll be the judge of that. Yes, I saw you see me. I'm sorry to hear that. I'm not hungry. 'Fish'? What's okay? I'm sorry, Bill -- Goodnight. Um -- not right now. Hello, Bill. Are you going to fire me, Bill? You tell me, Bill. I wouldn't put it that way. I guess... I don't know. Easy, Bill. You'll give yourself a heart attack and ruin my vacation. Okay. Why, at this juncture, are you letting yourself be so concerned by business matters? Absolutely. This part I'm interested in. Well...I don't know. And more. Uh-huh. Truly - uh - splendid. Excellent. What is it? Are you going to eat your lunch No thank you, Bill. I can manage. Oh. Okay. Of course. You're not thinking of going some- where, are you, Bill? Are you sad, Bill? I don't understand. Yes. I'm sure you'll see to it that it won't be a problem. No. So can I. Can you keep a secret? What do you mean? I understand. That's what everybody says. That's what everybody says. Not this. Make an exception? Yes, Bill. So you've grasped the idea. Con- gratulations. Now multiply it by infinity and take it to the depth of forever, and you still will have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about. So you understand the concept then. When you're busy here, your work, what your task is, is being executed elsewhere. You were hatching ideas, making plans, arriving at decisions, right? When you were shaving this morning, you weren't just shaving, right? You've got a deal. Bill -- A 'deal'? Sounds fair enough. And what? Oh, I wouldn't tell them anything, Bill. You'll ruin the good start we had last night. I felt as if I were being treated like a person. 'Joe' this and 'Joe' that - a nice smile - Quince passed me the rolls -- no 'rapture' or 'passion' or any of those mighty things you seem so intent on imparting, but I am cer- tain, should you - uh - say - uh - who I am - our adventure would end abruptly. 'Feeling'? I feel fine. How do you feel? Good morning, Bill. Good night to you, Bill. Not at all. I hope you realize, Bill...in your office this morning, that was your time. Your doctor? Did your doctor say anything about a tiny, undetectable hole in your aorta? Did he mention an irreparab- ly weak vein in the further reaches of your famous brain? Were there any prognostications about the possibil- ilites of a fatal collision on a golf cart or suffocating in an avalanche on a ski vacation in Gstaad? That's the best I can do. ...but minute-by-minute, I find myself lingering. You're putting me on the spot, Bill. I won't. No. What a good idea. It hadn't occurred to me until then. I was just having such a wonderful time -- Besides, isn't this what I'm here for? No. I didn't know her. The body I took knew her. The man she met in the coffee shop this morning. I - uh - took him. 'Threw' you? Where? Thank you. No --You know, darling, this is going to be a wonderful party. I wasn't going to say -- I haven't been the father to you that -- Yeah? And what about my enemies? Do they, m'dear? It's starting to grow on me. But what do the 'B' and 'P' mean? Oh, the goddam party -- I don't like cake. Who's Annie? What is this? I like it. I like it. I'm sorry I don't seem more appreciative. Of course. Conflict, honey. Korean Conflict. Who? We've got some things to discuss. -- Black. A name? Oh, you couldn't be more wrong, sweetheart. I can' tell you how much I appreciate it and how I'm looking forward to it. I know you do, darling. What, honey? Isn't it enough to be on this earth sixty-five years without having to be reminded of it. I hate parties -- Allison, I trust you. This is your thing. Not much more. Big day in the big city. What's on your mind? Hi, Allison -- I thought you were buying my company. I'm sorry, I don't recall -- Good, good. Glad to hear it. Proof? We've got plenty of proof. You get not to go to jail. No lawyers, Drew. We're going to offer you a deal. The Board didn't know you're a mole who burrowed inside so you could bury us all. In English, please. I've already introduced Mr. Black to you all. Are you running this Board or am I? Yes, you are to understand that, and now may I ask you a question? I'm not interested in the details. And I'm not interested in the big picture either. What I am inter- ersted in is how my Board got conven- ed behind my back, is entertaining a further proposal from a man whom it offends me to do business with, moreover has the audacity to present this to me like a prize fish, and I am expected to clap for it like a performing seal. No, thank you. The answer is no, quick enough for you? That's it? I don't think so. Do you? I think it's time you went home, Drew. I'm feeling real uncomfortable right now because the guy who reports to me is threatening me. Whose? I don't care. Over my dead body. What are their feelings? What is there to say? They know what John Bontecou is -- and if they didn't, they know now. Okay, we'll see you tomorrow. Please, Drew. Please. Don't worry about him. And above all, don't antagonize him. You're competitive soul, Drew. That's what makes you a great addi- tion to the money. Joe is just... around. I was a little abrupt with you this afternoon, Drew. Forgive me. I want you to know I value your advice. Well now it's undone, okay? Forget Bontecou! Scrub him! I'm tired of his fancy name and his fancy offer. I'm not going for it. Joe, cut it out. And you too, Drew. Why? Joe and I have no secrets from each other. Sit down, Drew. No. Shall we adjourn? I am now. Sorry. I know it looks like I'm reversing my field. No -- Uh -- he's from out of town -- What do you mean? Yes. Sorry...um - you - you know it's gone right out of my head -- Oh, excuse me. This is -- uh -- this is -- As close as a deal could be. Like a marriage made in heaven? Me, too. Our first annual report, must be thirty-five years ago now, I owned two stations, I wrote down a state- ment of purpose, that one day you would wake up to a Parrish radio station, read a Parrish paper at breakfast, catch our news on tele- vision during the day, and go to bed with one of our books or magazines and you would always be told the truth and in the bargain, have a good time. Do you think I need a haircut? Sounds good. No no, not you. Did you just hear something? Maybe, who knows? You know how voices are. Let's go. 'Yes'. In my sleep. 'Thoughts'? Not a one -- but I did hear a voice last night. Good morning, Drew. Thanks for coming out. What? Good morning, Jennifer. Jennifer. -- And call my family, I'd like them to come over for dinner tonight. No. Nothing. Sure. Hi, Jennifer. That's life. What can I tell you? I guess you have your reasons. Thank you. An offense -- Moreover, Agent Joe Black here -- of course that's not his real name -- smelled out your involvement, Drew. He developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence. Unfortunately, that's known as a conflict of interest -- The Treasury Department asked my cooperation in his undercover investigation of John Bontecou. They were convinced that Bontecou, on past deals, had structured his mergers and acquisitions in sus- picious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for. The IRS wanted to go after him, and this deal offered them the opportunity. I agreed to cooperate. -- An IRS man. He is -- I told you to shut up. It's not necessary, Joe. Drew's going to step aside -- Joe, don't do this -- Get him in here. I certainly hope so -- I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now, and every minute in between, and what I dream of is a man who will discover her and she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time and has the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life. I don't expect you to. Does she know where she's going? With you?! Who is 'you'? Did you tell her who you are? Well, they're mine now. Multiply it by infinity and take it to the death of forever and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about. Trust, responsibility, taking the weight, for your choices and feel- ings and spending the rest of your life living up to them. And above all, not hurting the object of your love. Some aimless infatuation in which, for the moment, you feel like in- dulging. It's missing everything that matters. How perfect for you -- to take whatever you want because it pleases you. It's not love -- Susan is my daughter, she has a wonderful life ahead of her and you're going to deprive her of it and you're telling me you're sorry? Well, I'm sorry, apology not accepted. You're not taking Susan anywhere. And what the hell does that mean anyway? You're what? Say again? You 'want to know', I'll tell you. You're looking at a man who tonight is not about to walk through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, he's galloping into it. And the same time, the business he built with his own hands and his own head is being commandeered by a couple of cheap pirates. And, oh yes, I almost forgot, my daughter's fallen in love with Death. What the hell do you care? Thanks. Yeah. What are you saying, that it's time to go? Yes? Cut the 'Bill' crap out -- you sonofabitch. And I don't give a shit. Any universe that exists or ever existed. You may be the pro, Joe. But I know who you are. And you're all fucked up. You're violating the laws of the universe. Yes, and stop repeating everything I say, and turning it into a question. Spooning, fooling around, God knows what. You arrive on the scene -- why you picked me, I still don't under- stand -- Well, you goddam well should. You walk into my life, give me the worst news a guy can get, have me dancing on the heads of pins with my busi- ness and with my family, and now you're spooning with my daughter. I'm her father! Well, you're at the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong woman. I couldn't sleep. Then I can't help you. Never mind. I'm tired. I'm going to take a nap. What 'okay' is, it's 'okay' it's over. We've got bigger fish to fry, don't we, Joe? Just a manner of speaking. That's okay. Okay. Goodnight. Hello. Would you like to join me, Quince and Allison for a nightcap? How about you telling me? When I ask a simple question, I expect a straight answer. That's what I'm used to. Anybody who doesn't give it to me, I fire. What way would you put it? About Susan? You were just curious? Why did you go to the hospital? And I don't need your goddamn permis- sion either! You! Drew! I don't need anyone to tell me how to run my life. I don't want anybody buying up my life's work and turning it into something it wasn't meant to be. A man wants to leave something behind. And he wants it left behind the way he made it. And he wants it to be run the way he run it -- with a sense of honor, of dedication, of truth. Okay? Dinner? Absolutely. I thought you'd heard a trillion times -- Why didn't you stop me? Cold lamb sandwiches -- not as chewy as roast beef, not as boring as chicken. She knew stuff like that. Glad you like it. My wife turned me onto cold lamb sandwiches. Joan -- that was my wife -- Cold lamb sandwich with cilantro. A little Coleman's mustard. It's all yours. Jennifer, give Mr. Black a map of the city. Now I'd like to be alone. Joe, could I ask you to take a walk? Buy a tie or something. I know I'll be seeing you. Yes, I am. There's a research lib- rary on the fourth floor. Why don't you go down and read some magazines? ...I'd like to be alone for a while. -- What's the deal here? Are you going to be breathing down my neck right 'til the very end? Would you like to sit down, Joe? What I'm trying to say is this is a Board meeting and you are not a mem- ber of the Board. Perhaps you would like to wait in my office --? Yes. What's it like where I'm going? What's it like? I want to live. I'm not everybody. -- I don't deserve this. I'm still young, this is not my time -- There's one to every rule. How about giving a guy a break? Joe --? Of course. I guess so. What do you mean? Yes? You give your word, I give mine -- that we'll do what we say. It's a truth exchanged between two people. It is a deal? And I won't tell anyone who you are. Um -- well, I didn't sleep too well. This is crazy. This is the left- field thing of all time. What do I do? What do I tell my family? How are you? How're you feeling? Good morning. And - uh - I guess, 'goodnight'. Well, thank you for letting me know. Closer than that. No -- ...I just saw my doctor, he told me everything was fine. When you go, I go. How long have I got? If there is anything else, don't hesitate -- Thank you. Would you like the man's name? I wish you had said something to me about staying here -- So there's nothing between you and Susan? Shook me up. I mean that you knew her and everything -- ...I'm sorry, I'm a little discon- certed, that stuff between you and Susan -- uh -- threw me. Joe, that's the kitchen. Joe knows what you're saying, just being polite -- When I introduce you, if I say who you are, I don't think anyone will stay for dinner. It just occurred to me -- Excuse me? Could I say something? This is crazy -- you're not going to eat dinner with us. And then --? I do? How long will you be staying? You want me to be your guide --? You're not Death. You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants. Death! You are --? You're coming to 'take me'. What is that? Who the hell are you? Am I dreaming this? Are you a dream? The 'question' -- What question? Yes what? I'm sorry -- What the hell are you talking about? Get what? 'The one' to do what? 'Take me'...? Where? About what? What the hell is this? Who are you? What is this, a joke, right? Some kind of elaborate practical joke? At my 40th reunion, we delivered a casket to the Class president's hotel room and -- Where are you? Know what? Know what, goddammit! What do you mean?! Please. Talk to me -- Where are you? Are you there? I'm sorry, I -- What are you talking about? I don't! I didn't ask any question. 'Yes' what? What? Quince, I've got confidence in you. All in all, what Bill wants to do is build the golden bridge to Drew with no hard feelings. Yes, I believe I do. Sure. It's okay, Quince. I understand. You've always meant well and I appreciate that. Sometimes things just turn out -- wrong. This one. Yeah, I give a shit. No thank you, Quince. I'm sorry, honey. I'm no good at this. Why don't you choose whatever cake you like? No, anything is possible. It's up to Joe. Next week? Thank you, Quince. How's that, Quince? I'm doing great. You ready? Good morning, Quince. Well, thank you, that's great, but it's more than I bargained for. I just wanted to set the record straight. I appreciate this, Eddie, members of the Board, this will just take a minute of your time. As the custo- dians of the company, you may re- ceive information from what follows that is valuable to you -- -- or not. Either way, thanks. Okay, Eddie -- anyway, thanks for the memory. If you're trying to show me lay- down-in-front-of-the-bus loyalty, forget it. Eddie, hold out all the hope you want but, I promise you, it's hope- less, it's over. Come on up, let's get drunk, if I had your shoulder to lean on I might actually enjoy this -- Fine, fine. Big doing up here. Why are you still down here? Eddie? Yes, the big 'celebration' of my mandatory retirement birthday. You're an honored guest, Eddie. Please, Eddie, no 'Fat Lady Sings" shit. Well said, Eddie. Mr. Black, shall we? What was that? If you don't mind dancing with an old fogey like me. I'm still here. Would you like to dance with me, Susan? That's why it's okay. No -- I love you so much and I want you to promise me something. I don't want you to ever worry about me. If anything should happen, I'm going to be fine and everything's going to be all right. -- And I have no regrets. I want you to know how much I love you. That you've given a meaning to my life that I had no right to expect, and that no one can ever take from me. Yes, but -- I'm sorry. I'm having a helluva time. I don't care if you love him! I'm telling you he's no good for you! In this case, I can't. I - uh -- I just can't help you. I only would tell you -- that with Joe, you are on very, very dangerous ground. I don't know, I can't say -- Susan, I don't think Joe is going to be with us long. You don't know anything about Joe -- This is crazy -- I don't understand. I don't know. Joe? Then what is it? Nothing. I don't think this is the lightning you are looking for. Drew's a good man. I know I didn't seem to be completely in his corner before, but I've come to appreciate -- I won't say you may be getting onto shaken ground -- What is the nature of your interest in Joe? Do you mind if I raise a little caution flag? That was wonderful. Will it?... Cut it out, Susan. You and I've got to talk. Big day tomorrow, everybody. Joe, let's go. Uh - will that hold you, Joe? What?! You know each other? Yer damn right. A-Okay. Got my gloves on, my ears pricked. I'm ready for action. Nothing. Nothing. I'm sorry. He doesn't care. But thanks anyway. I know. But I'm the only father you've got. You won't tell him, and even if you did, he'd clock it and punch it into his laptop in order to pull out some key phrases when he gives the Commencement Speech at Wharton. Stay open. Who knows? Lightning could strike. Aw, you're tough. I know it's a cornball thing but love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without. If you don't start with that, what are you going to end up with? I say fall head over heels. Find someone you can love like crazy and who'll love you the same way back. And how do you find him? Forget your head and listen to your heart. I'm not hearing any heart. Run the risk, if you get hurt, you'll come back. Because, the truth is there is no sense living your life without this. To make the journey and not fall deeply in love -- well, you haven't lived a life at all. You have to try. Because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived. Be deliriously happy. Or at least leave yourself open to be. Well, it worries me. I want you to get swept away. I want you to levitate. I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish. Oh yes, I am. Not an ounce of excitement, not a whisper of a thrill, this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice. That's for me. I'm talking about you. It's not so much what you say about Drew, it's what you don't say. Listen, I'm crazy about the guy -- He's smart, he's aggressive, he could carry Parrish Communications into the 21st century and me along with it. Well, I wasn't going to say that -- Susan, you're a hell of a woman. You've got a great career, you're beautiful -- Don't get carried away. Forget about me and Mom -- are you going to marry him? Do you love Drew? I know it's none of my business -- I am. With you. Thank God. Now could we go? Let's get this day started. Not my birthday again? I don't like to interfere. You like him, don't you? Does Drew tell you everything? How did you know? Drew's aboard? Hi, honey.But what? You know what I'm saying, Joe? Yeah, they hit the calf over the head with a mallet and then Luisa hits it again in the kitchen. No jocks? A twenty-game winner or a Masters champion? Someone I could talk to. Or would talk to me. He said he would be there with bells on. Okay. All aboard - New York, New York! Both. Okay, give me a bottle of wine. 9:30's almost 10:30. Where I come from, the sun's over the yardarm, m'boy, and the cocktail lamp is lit. What do you do that for? And that? ...This shit's not bad. Well, you've got him by the short- hairs. He had no choice. You're a formidable adversary. I don't want to get rich this way -- I'm going to expose you. But I didn't mean to do it! I'm going to put a stop to this! What have you done? You've gotten the old man fired! That's what he said. The timing -- yes. He says it's up to Joe. He was interested. Well, I'm happy to tell you I've got good news. As I was telling Drew, I've been making a little hay while the Bontecou sun was shining -- two, possibly three new and boiling hot prospects for merger. I'd like to come, too. See Susan strut her stuff. I thought so, too. Joe's a neat guy. Yeah, that's what he said. Yeah. We'll do it together. I'll clue you in. Timing's got to be right. The old man says it's up to Joe. Never mind Bontecou. I've got some other merger possibilities up my sleeve, and I'm putting them to see old man. ...I know you're down, but you know when you're down, Drew, there's no place to go but up. Well, I guess he's found one. I don't think they're ordinary. I love keychains. I know. Gum up the works. Hey, this is it, the hour approach- es, I'm getting all excited. So what do you think, is it -- -- just the 'Executive Committee' or could you guys use me? Do you think I should wait to tell him 'till after the party? You think so? How do you know? What would you say if you knew it was me who brought down Bill Parrish? I told Drew and the Board that Bill depended on you. Drew led me on, but I had no business telling him in the first place. He was setting up Bill from day one. Drew and Bontecou are going to chop up the company and sell it off for parts. Bontecou was outside, Drew was Mr. Inside. And I was the fool who made it all happen. Oh God, what do I do? Free to love each other. Com- pletely. Totally. No fear. Yeah, it's like you know every inch of each other's souls -- and then you're free. Because there's nothing we don't know about each other and it's okay. I mean the deeper, darkest secrets -- they don't matter. I was a world-class loser and she was a happy, little rich girl -- and for some reason she took me in. Oh yes, I do. 'Love'? Oh, man, I've got troubles of my own. Confused, huh? About what? C'mon, have a drink. You look like you need one bad as me. Thanks. You're an original, Joe. A little hard to figure, maybe... I didn't know that. No problem. I'll leave you two alone. I can tell you guys have something on the fire -- Don't bother asking, we already tried. Hey, this is fun. How long you here, Joe? You bet. I'm king of my Rotisserie League. 'Joe Black'. Won fifteen and lost two for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1952. Sir, I'll deliver the package. You think Drew will go for it? Joe knew the whole story. I told him. It was his idea that I come clean. I mean I wanted to come clean but he gave me a pair of balls, you know what I mean? Come in, Joe -- I want to thank you -- okay, Bill? ...what can I say after I say that I'm sorry? I zipped when I should've zagged, I opened my big mouth one too many times, everything got all twisted -- The vodka. What'd I tell you? See. There. What'd I tell you? But he does give a shit. Don't you, Bill? This is great, honey. The orange. Has it got a little vodka in it? Like that Finnish stuff, orange vodka -- Put your lips around this one, Bill. It's out of this world. Joe, you don't know how glad I am you're aboard. Anybody who can take some of the weight off the old man, I'm in his corner. Yeah. Or the week after. But I've got to tell you, if mergers are in the wild, I've got some great prospects I've developed. I want to talk to you about them next week. ...I read you all the way on the Bontecou thing, and I know where you're coming from. And I'm with you a hundred and one percent. Bontecou Day. Going to close with Big John -- Look at you, Bill, all cool as a cat and over at Bontecou's, I'll bet he's shitting in his pants. I am, this is it. B Day. How're you doing--? Hi, Bill --Yes, Bill. The question. Bill. Come on. The question. The question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in Delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning. The question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in the ears over and over as you put it to yourself -- 'Yes' is the answer to your ques- tion. In return you'll receive minuets, days, weeks, I'm not going to go into details ... what matters is that I stay interested. Watch it! Time. Show me around. Be my guide. And in return, you get... It requires competence, wisdom, experience -- all those things they say about you in testimonials -- and you're the one. I want to have a look around before I take you. Just think of millenniums multiplied by aeons compounded by infinity, I've been around that long, but it's only recently that your affairs here have piqued my interest. Call it boredom, the natural curiosity of me, the most lasting and significant element in existence has come to see you. The great Bill Parrish at a loss for words? The man from whose lips fall 'rapture' and 'passion' and 'obses- sion'...all those admonitions about being 'deliberately happy', what there is no sense 'living your life without...', all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones -- Quiet. I'm here. I think you know -- There's going to be plenty of time for that. It's enough now. No, you're not. You're trying to 'handle' the situation but this is the one situation you knew you never could handle. Are you giving me orders? What you were talking about. Try. Because 'if you haven't tried, you haven't lived'. I think you know -- I believe you did. 'Yes' is the answer to your question. '...I know, it's none of my business.'Then don't. Speak up, please. Of course. Bill, I am eating dinner with you. And your family. And that's what we're doing. It's not open for discussion. Nothing is. Don't you understand? You should hope quite a while. You fill the bill, Bill. The jacket and the pair of pants came with the body I took. Let me ask your opinion. Do I blend in? That's me. Yes. '...Yes --' I am not a dream. But we've got time. Y'didn't? You said you liked me. Why not? Because I like you so much. You have coffee here every morning, don't you? If I came by, could you give me the name of a doctor? I've been thinking... I don't want you to be my doctor. Because I don't want you to examine me. Did I say something wrong? You never know. Lightning could strike. I would. I know what you're saying. Doesn't pay very well. Depends on the woman I marry. Maybe she'd like a bigger house, a better car, lotsa kids, college doesn't come cheap -- ...It's kind of a pro bono job. And I want to get into my apartment and go to work. Please, what do you say, another cup of coffee? How 'bout another cup of coffee? -- This is my lucky day. I arrive in this big bad city and I not only find a doctor, a beautiful woman as well. 'Her'. So if I needed a doctor, you could be it? Everybody's a doctor around here. This apartment house is all green pajamas and slippers. The guy I'm waiting for to vacate is a doctor. What kind of doctor? Damn right. Looking for her right now. Who knows? You might be her. I'm not trying to sharpshoot you, but that 'nothing lasts' stuff, that's what was the trouble with Honey's guy. He was fooling around and Honey caught him at it. One girlfriend wasn't enough for him. Why? Nothing lasts. Nothing to be sorry about. That's the way with men and women, isn't it? My kid sister. She just broke up with her boyfriend and she's thinking about dropping out of law school. Oh yeah? What was 'fascinating' about it? Good morning, I was talking kind of loud there, sorry.