Jack -- I'll go with you. All you gotta do is get in. At least. From the looks of those boys, the Ripper too. What? Come <i>on</i>. They look like plain old rocks. Yeah, hi. Nice house. They found the safe. I don't ski. I'm not leaving you alone with these assholes. And who watches your back? Half for doing what? But you still think you can get the diamonds fore they do? You know they gonna set us up. Whatta you wanna do? So what's that mean? That you're disappointed by what you found or you're sorry you robbed all those banks? You find out? Did you give her a jump? If you did I might begin to understand where your head's at. So how's that work, a wanted felon socializing with a U.S. Marshal? And she saw you? It took you, what, seven hours to buy a pair of shoes? Yeah, and I better call my sister. They put a gun on you, you'll go back. You might not have a choice. My sister believes in fate, but not hell. That's why she stopped praying for the lost souls since you don't hear that much about purgatory anymore. But every day she asks her boss to pray I don't fuck up. Whatta you think, you think there's a hell, Jack? I mean, they don't know for sure he's dead. Look, there's always a chance we'll walk out've there with nothing. I say let fate decide. What about that D.B. Cooper guy? Let Glenn deal with the Snoop, while we're off livin' the good life. Yeah? You think he'll let us in, we got Snoopy and the muscle-bound asshole with us? No doubt the man's got some big-ass security system. Now that's a really big house. Forget about my sister. If Karen Sisco's tailing Glenn, we're fucked. Tomorrow night at the fights we all get picked up. Forty-five minutes. Two hours. Just hung up. They don't stay the night, Jack, 'less you pay for it. She came up here on her vacation, 'cause she likes shitty weather. Outside of that. What's he do now, tell fortunes? Or two. Whatta you think? "Fight over tuna casserole may have spurred slaying." Seems this woman's live-in boyfriend, seventy years old, complained about her tuna noodle casserole and she shot him in the face with a twelve-gauge. Police found noodles in the woman's hair and think the guy dumped the casserole dish on her before she shot him. They'd been together ten years. They know where I live, I guess they know what I drive, so maybe we should pick up another car on the way. He isn't fighting no more. Glenn told me the Snoop's been managing some guys up there now, works out at the Kronk. Remember Snoopy Miller, his old pal from Lompoc? I been thinkin', if I was Glenn, I was up there to take down the Ripper, where would I go? Now you're talkin'. Sure looks that way. There. You see the guy sitting on the porch? The old ladies and one guy? You know they'll have a couple more in a car somewhere. You at least bring the gun? Nice disguise. And you know they're gonna have some people watching the hotel. So call her up. Tell her don't talk to any Cubans. Jack? He knows where she lives? He's running for his life, he doesn't give a shit about you. You better come see this. Longer we hang around down here, Jack, better chance there is either Glenn's gonna fuck up the whole score, or we gonna get busted, or both. Am I going to Detroit by myself? You'll have to ask Glenn. And most likely, he's on his way to Detroit, where we should be. Just that she got away. Paper says there's ten grand each on you, Chino and Lulu. Maybe this'll make you feel better. They pass this picture around you can go anywhere you want, nobody'll know you. There's a store around the corner, I'll be right back. There's something about a nice hot bath, transforms a person. It's not just about opening up your pores, know what I mean? There's just something about the heat and the wet that's calming you know? Settles me in a way that I really can't articulate. There's some lilac oil, you want some, a vanilla candle under the sink. You're right. Cause she had her hand on her gun the whole time, waiting to make her move. You're too late, Jack. You want to take her to my place and get cleaned up? You come out of the bathroom with your after-shave on and she goes, "Oh, I had you all wrong"? He ain't the problem, Jack. How 'bout the score was his idea to begin with? I brought 'em, they're back at Glades in the Cadillac. You wanted to take her car. The green-and-whites saw us. One of 'em starts thinking, what's that car doing there? Ties it to the break and turns around... Jesus Christ, what were you doing in there? We may as well leave her, we're leaving the car and we gotta leave her some place anyway, what's the difference where? That's the turnpike up there. Glenn's waiting with the other car. Why don't we talk about it later? The Wall Street guy? Oh, yeah. I didn't recognize him without his rug.And you let them come up. You don't try to make the bust yourself. You understand? Now you see Foley and this guy Bragg come in behind us, whatta you do? You can go wait out in the car, you want to. Take the radio, stay down here in the lobby, watch the elevator. Yeah, why? You're primary, you're secondary, you're point man. You get the key? Good. Now forget about the ex-wife and get over to the Adams Hotel. Yeah, sure, Karen. You bring in Chirino, you can be on the task force. What? Is that what you're calling me about? Now. What is it you wanted to tell me? But don't you do anything. You just have a seat, wait for me to get there. There was a Buddy Bragg at Lompoc around the same time Foley was there. We got an address for him at the Adams Hotel in Hallandale. I want you to go there, see if you can get the manager to i.d. him as the other guy. If he does, you call me right away... What-- we already talked to her. That's a dead end. Where are you? I been trying to reach you. Karen. Where are you? I been trying to get a hold of you. Sounds to me like he liked having you around. I'll see you, Karen. Mr. Sisco. We'll talk another time, Karen. All right? I'd like to know why Foley put you in that second car when he didn't need you any more. I have to qualify, is that it? Karen, I've been with the Bureau fifteen years, on all kinds of investigations. You say in the report Glenn didn't have a gun, but you let him get away, too. The time came, you shot him. But you didn't shoot Foley or the guy with him. They're unarmed, you had a shotgun and you let them throw you in the trunk. Okay, now you got your Sig in your hand. You say in the report you couldn't turn around, he had you pinned down. But when the trunk opened, how come you didn't cap the two guys then? Yeah, but I had enough reason to believe he did, and I told you. So you had to at least suspect him. Foley made me think of that fella Carl Tillman, the one you were seeing, it turns out the same time he was doing banks. You recall that? This fella holds you hostage, you talk about movies? What'd you talk about? You talked to him? There's a couple of points I keep wondering about have to do with the two guys that grabbed you. Buddy is it? And this fella Jack Foley. I swear the man must've robbed two hundred banks in his time. Yes, but I want to hear you tell it. Starting with when you tried to grab the wheel -- where was this? That's nice of you to offer, Karen, but I got all the help I can use right now. Instead, let's talk about how you got the bump on your head. Daniel Burdon, FBI.Tell me, how do you do that? You do the sawing of the box in half trick with you inside? What?! I want to speak with you, please. Uh-- sorry. Wrong number. Oh, is this Adele? Excuse me, Adele? Oh, is that right? You going to shoot me? Nice girl like you? I don't think so. I could walk out of here. You wouldn't shoot me, would you? Oh. Then this must be Adele... Wait. You not Adele? You see what they doing, those posts out there? Putting up another fence, five metres on the other side of the one that's there. We wait until Super Bowl Sunday, they could have the second fence built and we have to dig another nine, ten days. So we going soon as it's dark. You want -- I mean it -- you can still come. You want, I tole you you can come. You all right, Foley. I like you. Why you think is today? I told you, man, Super Bowl Sunday.Why you want to do that, to a frien'? Listen, I'm the one help Jack escape from prison. He tole me, I can't find him to see you. So why don't you open this fucking door. Okay? So we can speak. Tell me where is Jack Foley, I don't bother you no more. Listen to me. I'm a good friend of Jack Foley. Yes, around here. I was a mayishan in Cuba before I come here. Manuel the Mayishan was my name. You were his what, his box? You did work for Emil, right? I talk to the guy you work for, Emil. He tole me your number and where you live. See, I'm looking for an assistant and would like to speak to you. Adele? You in there?Karen, I told you not to-- We're a few minutes away. Just sit tight, stay outta the house till we get there, understand? That's fine, but I don't want you to talk to Miller alone. Christ, I know Snoopy Miller. He's a fuckin' wackjob thinks he's Sugar Ray Leonard. Hangs out with a couple other Grade-A nutcases over on the West side. Who was the friend? Yeah, and, as you can see, home invasions are big, too. Yeah, I'm crimes against persons and property now, also sex crimes and child abuse. You know, I'm not in homicide any more. Other than we had so much fun the last time we worked together. You gonna tell me why you're comin' to me instead of the FBI? Yonelle. Looks like someone raped her, shot her, then threw her out the window. Fuckin' animals. Yeah, Eddie was a real character. Had these girls cooked the rocks he called the Rockettes. Dude in the dress is Eddie Solomon, used to buy scag off a corner till he kicked it and found his happiness with crack and then started dealing himself. Word on the street was he was saving up for an operation. Yeah. And I thought everyone liked Eddie. Freezing. But I'm getting warmer. Ironic, isn't it?He did, huh. Well, tell Buddy I see Glenn wearing his sunglasses I'll step on 'em. I might not even take 'em off first. Glenn Michaels. What're you talking about? Listen, Adele, the reason I called, that party is today instead of Sunday. About eight-thirty, like only a few hours from now. So you'll have to get hold of Buddy, whatever he might be doing... What happened to Mandrake the Magician? Listen to Miss Smarty Mouth. Out there in the free world. I said not as a rule. You know that Super Bowl party? They changed the date. It's on tonight , eight-thirty. That's funny, Adele. How many more times you gonna gimme that one? Listen, Buddy, the shit that's about to go down, you'll be on the phone with your sister for a month. Let me do this part alone. No, you dump the van, meet me at the airport. I'll take one of Ripley's cars. I'm going back inside. We made it, didn't we? And then they'll kill 'em. They're gonna rape the maid, aren't they. Shit. They sure do. You remember Buddy, don't you, Richard? Stay with the maid. I'm gonna have a look around. You ever wear one of these? There's still time, take me up on my offer. Getting me out of Glades for starters. I'll make you a deal. Get out of here. Right now. I'll do the job with the Snoop, meet you wherever you want and give you half. I get that feeling, yeah. They want to go tonight, before Glenn gets in any trouble, opens his big mouth. I don't know. Yeah, I did. It wasn't about getting laid. I just wanted to know what might've happened if things were different. You know how I felt about her. Yes, she did. I saw Karen Sisco. Listen, I gotta get some better shoes, few other things before tomorrow. Why don't you drop me off at the Ren Cen, we'll hook up later? They put a gun on you, you still have a choice, don't you? Yeah, it's called Glades Correctional Institution and I'm sure as shit not going back there or any place like it. Let fate decide? What're you, the fuckin' Dali Lama now? Tell me something, Buddy. You know anyone who's actually done one last big score and gone to live the good life? Cause it occurred to me that everyone talks about doing it, but I don't know anyone who's actually gone and done it. Do you? Who says anybody's gonna be with us? I say we go to the fights tomorrow, find out what the Snoop's big plan is, then go in ahead of those guys -- alone . Time comes, we knock on the door. See if he wants to talk about old times. Go in the easy way. Jesus, look at that wall. Place almost looks like a prison. Let's drive by where we're meeting and have a look. Maybe take a look at Ripley's place while we're at it. You didn't tell your sister about Ripley, did you? 'Cause I don't wanna go through that again. How long were you with the girl? How long you talk to her? You tell your sister about it? I think she's after Glenn. The girl still with you? Doesn't say what she's doing up here, but I don't think it has anything to do with us. Is that Snoopy? In the purple doo rag? I think Glenn opened his big mouth and now we got us another partner. Love is funny. She just sat there, looking right at me. Snoopy. Christ, I thought he'd be brain dead by now. Well, first off, if you were Glenn, you wouldn't be thinking. First thing we do, we get to Detroit, we find Glenn, then we find a window to throw him out of. Let's go to Detroit. I guess Adele's in good hands. Uh-huh... In here with my suntan lotion and beach towel. That's her place. I'm a tourist. Shit. Her phone's probably tapped. We were talking one time, drinking rum. I may've mentioned Adele, how she worked for a magician. Chino got interested. He's like, Yeah? How does he saw the woman in half? He wanted to meet her. Or get a look at her if she ever came to visit. He's gotta know by now that I gave him up back at Glades. He does, he's gonna try to find me. Maybe go see Adele, see what she knows. Chino's gonna wanna talk to me. What?! We'll leave first thing in the morning. Think this old guy is her boyfriend? It's the only picture she carries. Yeah, but what happened after she drove off with Glenn? Say anything in there about Karen Sisco? I wasn't feeling my best that day. I'd just drawn thirty to life. Sounds great. I know exactly what you mean. It's just a feeling. You know, I could go for some wine tonight. Oh, man. I've been dreaming about a hot bath for the last six months. Soak the prison off me. You're just jealous it was me in the trunk with her and not you. I'm just saying she wasn't scared. I want to talk to her again, that's all. See what would happen under, you know, normal circumstances. I don't know why, but every time he opens his mouth I want to punch him out. His idea? Gimme a break. Fuckin' guy's got a vacant lot for a head. Was you and me figured the whole thing out. Why you brought Glenn into this, I'll never know. Wait a minute. Let me have your raincoat. Somebody forgot to bring me clean clothes. Do we need him? Get the shotgun. And her purse. I'd like to know who she is. She's coming with us. Okay, honey, come on out of there. Where in the hell are we? I bet that's all the hacks they send out. Otherwise nobody's left to mind the store. It's Richard Ripley. I appreciate the offer. And it's tempting. You told me I can come 'cause I caught you digging the fuckin' tunnel, saw you and Lulu coming out of the bushes, thought maybe you two were making out. You were out running this morning, sticking to your routine, anybody happened to notice. But you only did a couple of miles instead of your usual five. Saving yourself for the main event. Then I see you inside eating ten pounds of macaroni. Carbohydrates for endurance. Yeah, but I see you moved it up. You excited? You're right. So why take a chance-- A little. Not until recently. Good luck, Richard. I've seen 'em used on TV. That's a wonderful story, Snoop. I'm very excited about tonight. So you've done this before, huh? That what they're wearing these days to break and enter? I wasn't asking permission. Give me a minute, talk to Buddy. I thought everything. Snoop, if you don't know where Glenn is... We're leaving. Who's sitting here? What's the matter with right here? It's nice and warm. Look, Snoop, I don't know what Glenn promised you or what you think you're gonna get, but the deal is me and Buddy get half of whatever we take from Ripley, understand? How you and Glenn cut up the rest is up to you. Glenn didn't tell you? Like being back in the yard, huh? Low class of people there, Snoop. Snoopy Miller, famous fight thrower. Thirty-two outta what, twenty? I don't smoke. I bet. How much? How much for your company at chow? Yeah, I got a problem. This is the dumbest fucking shakedown in the history of dump shakedowns. Three hundred bucks for a pillow? Yeah. Sign says "Shut the fuck up." Or can't you guys read? You just did, for Christ sake. I told you, I'm not going back. If you don't, one of those guys will. Pretend I'm somebody else. You know. You getting serious on me now? I don't know about that. You can't do three falls and think you have much of a brain. What about <i>my</i> motive? Now I can say I fucked a US Marshal. You think I will? Why are you mad? You coming back? Don't talk like that, okay? You scare me. I don't think we should get into that. To warn her about Chino. Outside Adele's. You know I saw you on the street. Really? I was thinking the same thing. If we could call time and get together for a while. I wasn't sure you caught that. I don't know. I hadn't worked that part out yet. All I knew was that I liked you, and I didn't want to leave you there, never see you again. Why not? I hear he didn't mean to. The cop fell as Dillinger was aiming at his leg and got him through the heart. I might've smelled like a sewer, but you could tell I was a gentleman. They say John Dillinger was a pretty nice guy. Yeah, but in a nice way. She did, huh. That's not what you were about to say. So do you. It would be worth the risk. Well, I'd say who I was and do you remember me and ask if you'd like to meet for a drink. I called your room from downstairs. It doesn't have to, it's something that happens. It's like seeing a person you never saw before -- you could be passing on the street -- you look at each other and for a few seconds, there's a kind of recognition. Like you both know something. But then the next moment the person's gone, and it's too late to do anything about it, but you remember it because it was right there and you let it go, and you think, "What if I had stopped and said something?" It might happen only a few times in your life. It's not a game. Something you play. I don't think it works if we're somebody else. You know what I mean? Gary and Celeste, Jesus, what do they know about anything? How far do we go with this? Having it cleaned didn't help, huh? You did? I like your hair. And that suit. A girl. Is that how you think of yourself? Well, we got that out of the way. Tell me, Celeste. What do you do for a living? You like bourbon? Those guys bother you? I can go to the bar. I just thought maybe you and me could-- I'm partial to mountains myself. But if you like islands, we'll make it an island. He's dead. He did twenty-seven years before he came out and died not too long after in Charity Hospital, I think trying to make up for all the good times he'd missed. That's not gonna be me. Why? You think he might tell you where I am? I can just picture that, a cute girl like you following slip-and-fall and whiplash cheaters. Because you're having too much fun. You won't do that. Sure. I'll just leave 'em with the S.W.A.T. guy answers the door. How do we do that? And your gun. Really. He has a cop's face. I'm just worried maybe I'm not old enough for you. Who was it answered the phone? You know who this is? Shit... Uh-huh. Well, but if -- Really. Yeah... Another one Faye Dunaway was in I liked, <i>Three Days of the Condor</i>. I'm just saying I think if we met under different circumstances... I mean if you didn't know who I was. You're sure easy to talk to. I wonder -- say we met under different circumstances and got to talking, say you were in a bar and I came up to you -- I wonder what would happen. It wasn't pretty after, no, but if you were in that car -- eating a sandwich -- you wouldn't have known what hit you. Yeah, right. Anyway, that scene where Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway get shot? I remember thinking at the time it wouldn't be a bad way to go, if you have to. And the guy saying he wasn't gonna take any more shit from anybody... Yeah, I liked her in that movie about TV... That part in the movie where they get shot? Warren Beatty and... I can't think of her name. You're full of interesting facts, aren't you? Is that right? Oh, you mean of Bonnie and Clyde? Hm. You ever see pictures of him, the way he wore his hat? You could tell he had that don't-give-a-shit air about him. Yeah, well, if it turns out I get shot like a dog, it'll be in the street, not off a goddamn fence. We still talk, though. It was just a year, give or take a few days. I mean, it's not like we didn't get along or anything. We had fun, we just didn't have that... that thing, you know? That spark, you know what I mean? You gotta have that. Jesus, you sound like my ex-wife. You don't act like it. You don't seem all that scared. Basically. Yeah. If I go back now, I do a full thirty years, no time off. Can you imagine looking at that? I believe you would have. Another fall, I did seven years at Lompoc. And I don't mean the place next door where some of Nixon's people went. I thought so, too. Tell you the truth, I don't know. I started when I was eighteen, driving for my Uncle Cully and his partner, Gus. They go into a bank this one time in Slidell, Gus jumps the counter to get the tellers and breaks his leg. All three of us ended up in Angola. Time I was convicted in California? FBI told me I'd robbed more banks than anyone in the computer. Jack Foley. You've probably heard of me. One I gave him, yeah. Fuck... Who, Buddy? Yeah. He's a good guy. Back when we jailed together, he'd call his sister every week without fail. She's a born-again Christian, does bookkeeping for a televangelist. Buddy calls her up, confesses his sins, tells her about whatever bank he happened to rob. If they get set up in time, which I doubt. And even if they do they'll be looking for a buncha little Latin fellas, not a big black guy driving a Ford. Guys like me, huh. Well, listen, even though I've been celibate lately, I'm not gonna force myself on you. I've never done that in my life. Yeah, went real nice with that twelve gauge, too. Tell me, why in the world would someone like you ever become a federal marshall? Boy, it stunk in there. Where's your gun, your pistol? You devil, it's mace, huh? What've you got here, a billy? Use it on poor unfortunate offenders. There isn't any. All this shit you got in here. What is all this stuff anyway? Handcuffs, chains... what's this can? You comfy? Why you're just a girl. What do you do for a living you pack a shotgun? Why? Just because you left us standing on the side of the road? Whose blood you got all over you? What happened to your shades? Someone finally step on 'em? Yeah? She said that to you? Weren't you expecting us? The backseat. I'd like you to go wait in the car. How's that? Take her with you and put her in back. Wait in the car. You don't take 'em off, I'm gonna throw 'em off the overpass while they're still on your head. Take your sunglasses off. Oh, nuthin'. Oh, hey, Studs? We thought you were somebody else. Use your head. The guys got five million lying around his house, you really think he's gonna tell some motormouth he just met in prison about it? My point is, that's probably what you're gonna end up with. Ever seen an uncut diamond, Studs? They look like plain old rocks. I guess the bright glare out here made it hard to see the numbers on the weights. Who you talkin' to, Studs? Me, or Buddy. I can't tell, you got those shades on. I do, but I won't tell you just yet. Meet me in the chapel at eight-thirty, right before lock-down. Looks like tonight. I hear six. I expect you to look out for me, Pup, let me run off work details. Some people are going out of here. What if I told you where and when? Don't be an asshole, Richard. They're gonna kill you. I were you, I'd get up and run. Dumbfuck Glenn was right, there's about five million worth in there, wouldn't you say, Richard? I'm not angry, Richard. In fact, I'm completely relaxed. Thing is, I can't tell if it's the fish that're cooling me out or all those uncut diamonds on the bottom of the tank there. Siddown, Dick. They're trying to open the safe, not your maid. You gonna write me a check? A minute or two, you're gonna wish you were. What kinda man lets a woman answer the door, this time a night? Maurice Miller, couple of his friends. How are you, Richard? Oh, yeah, I'm calm. In fact, I'm totally "relaxed..." How, Dick? The way you earned it? By marrying some rich broad owns the company, selling it off a piece at a time, then divorcing her? What is this Knute Rockne, pull yourself up by the bootstraps bullshit? Back in prison, guy like you, place like that, you were ice cream for freaks. You were a goddamn dumpling. Maurice and a dozen other guys coulda bled you till you had nothing. Till you were nothing. I saved your ass. So you'll pardon me if I don't wanna sit on a fuckin stool all day saying "sign in here please" or "hey, pal, you can't park there." Okay, Dick? I can't do it. You goin' right back to work? I still haven't made up my mind yet. The next time I walk into a bank. And the guy sent you a bill for this? I can't say that I've paid that much attention to 'em before. The fish? My ex-wife's in Miami. It's nice down there. I don't know. I'm not exactly the nine-to-five type. It's a little late for me. Twenty-two months, three days, two hours. Why? Doesn't have to figure out shit. You told him you keep 'em at your house. Of course not. You're the one with balls, Dick, say something like that to someone like Glenn. Or maybe you just forgot where you were for a minute. No? Where do you keep it, Dick? I'm talking about all those uncut diamonds you told Glenn about. You'd be surprised what all you can get, you ask for it the right way. I don't know. I never used a gun. Any time. First of all, if he kills you, he's not gonna get any more money out of you. You're smart, Ripley, you'll tell this guy to fuck off. Must be a real soft pillow. You don't wanna be standing there, the hacks start asking questions you don't wanna answer. I don't know. It's a long way down to Florida. Yeah, could be. Or maybe she thought we'd have a lot to talk about. She did, huh. And so now you're off to Glades. You must be some kinda walker, Henry. The ninth ? There were others. And how long was it before they caught up with you? You busted out? Meaning? You were at Leavenworth, huh? The flight? What's it mean, "No Hair"? <i>Hejira?</i> What kinda name is that?I thought you guys were busted. These guys, man, they're crazy. Shit. I don't know... She <i>knew</i> me from some bullshit dope bust. She drove me to court. Twice. You know what she said, we're in the car on the turnpike? "I never forget anybody I've cuffed and shackled." That broad you picked up -- did you know she was a US Marshal, for Christ sake? In the trunk? You're in civilization now, man, ease up. I see better with them on. Studs. Man, I haven't heard that since Lompoc. What's going on? You think he's lying? So. What's your point? Detroit. Snoopy Miller told me uncut diamonds are as easy to move as cash. I'll take the shades off. Just get this fuckin' thing off me. You guys-- come on-- this is too heavy! He got three years and fined fifty million dollars and wrote 'em a fucking check. Like that, fifty mil, signed his name. Whoa-- little help here! I know, you'll find me. Jesus, I believe it. I keep thinking if you hadn't driven me to federal court last summer, you wouldn't even know who I am. Really? I'm freezing my ass off. I don't know-- he doesn't exactly confide in me. Maurice is gonna kill him, try and collect the reward. He's supposed to be, but he hasn't shown up yet, which is a good thing for him. Yeah, the plan was to pick him up at his office tomorrow, take him out to his house in Bloomfield Hills. Now, I don't give a shit what they do. Rippin' off Ripley was my idea, but these guys, man, they're into shit I can't handle. Nothing. I just wanna get the fuck outta here. Listen, these guys, they're gonna be out here any minute looking for me. They're fucking animals. You're gonna bust me for picking up a car? Jesus. How'd you know about Snoopy? I already stole it. Last week or whenever it was, in West Palm. I can't be stealing it again, can I? I mean I'm not stealing the fucking car. Jesus, I don't believe it. No way, man, no fuckin' way am I gonna turn myself in. What am I supposed to do now ? We're not. I'm helping him, yeah-- I remember you now. Shit. But you're sure we've met, huh? It couldn't have been out at Glades, if that's what you're thinking. I was never out there. I got a big score lined up up north. They wouldn't even know about it, it wasn't for me. I could do it right now myself, except it's so fucking cold up there in January-- Jesus, what'd you crawl through, a sewer? Why would I do that? It's all right with you, I'll just hang in the car. Why'd he have to do that to that girl? I think you're forgetting, this is my car. I drove it up here. I don't have to prove shit to you. The Ripley job is <i>my</i> job. You're either in or you're not. You wanna pop some crack dealer pissed you off, that's your problem, not mine. What-- when? Can I do what? Me? Wait a minute. I'm letting <i>you</i> in on this, not all your friends. What? So you still haven't said, how you wanna do it? If they're not busted now, they're gonna be. It's wide open. Sure, right, they see Bigfoot driving around a black guy wearing shades and a lavender fucking bandanna, no, they won't think anything of it. You there? It's Richard Ripley. It's a guy you know. I can't really go into it right now. I'll just tell you it's someone big. I wanna talk to you about a job. Listen, Snoopy, I'm on my way up to Detroit and need a place to crash. Snoopy. Glenn Michaels.Like what? Cheaper I guess, take us both down in one van. Apparently, yeah. I was supposed to leave last night with the lady marshal, but for some reason she wanted to wait. Hejira. Ten, you count the prison hospital in Ohio I walked away from. Yeah. That was the ninth. That time? I prefer to call it an exodus from an undesirable place. Meaning time came, I left. For a time. The brothers in Leavenworth gave me the name. The Hejira was the flight of Mohammed from Mecca in 622. Islamic.What's wrong with you? Don't matter. I let the monster out, you gonna do what it wants. You know your divisions. You like the fights? Like the rough stuff? Yeah, I bet you do. Like to get down and tussle a little bit? Like me and Tuffy, before she got run over, we use to get down on the floor and tussle. I say to her, "You a good dog, Tuffy, here's a treat for you." And I give Tuffy what every dog love best. You know what that is? A bone. I can give you a bone, too, girl. Light to super-middleweight, as my body developed. You go about what, bantam? I <i>was</i>... How you know that?The combination is three-ten-forty-four. Like a fag. I don't have any idea. That's right, just me. He's in Florida. Palm Beach. I told you, he isn't here.My little girl, the tough babe. I was just thinking... you could have a nice time with him on the plane -- like picking up where your interlude, or whatever you call it, left off. And then throw him in the can. You gonna go get him? He doesn't seem to hold a grudge. What <i>I</i> want to know is why, they got such a big score up north, did Foley hang around Miami for so long? Any thoughts on that one? So? I imagine you would've though. You wave back? He waved to you? Yeah, but you talked all the way from GCI to the turnpike. It sounds more like a first date than a kidnapping. You like the wild ones, don't you? Tillman, Nicolet and now Foley. You know, I've always said there's a thin line between the cowboy cops and the armed robbers, all those guys that love to pack. Maybe. But you're also curious about the man. Twice last night you asked your married boyfriend Nicolet about him. You were concerned, but you didn't want to show it. But you know he's dirty and you still wanna see him again. He remind you of that guy, Tillman? Remember, pay attention to how she talks about Foley, her tone. Do it right, she'll tell you things she wouldn't tell Burdon. Tell her you think he's a nice guy. No, first tell her about being in the trunk with him, in the dark for half an hour, and see how she takes it. If she's in on it, what does she get for all the aggravation; cops breathing on her? I bet nothing. So she still likes him enough to stick her neck out. You think that's possible? What kind of guy is he? Hello? Yeah, she is. Just a minute. For you. Off a tip? I see that. No? Tell you what, you're a good girl, you might get another one for Christmas. What are you thinking about? "Hey, yourself." You were talking in your sleep. I'd like that. We don't get to talk much any more. You'd meet doctors, lawyers -- nothing wrong with them necessarily if they're divorced. Why settle for some cowboy cop who drinks too much and cheats on his wife? That's the way those hotshots are, all of 'em. You used to like it. You know you can always step in, work with me full-time as one of my investigators. What're you doing at Glades? Then they're not separated, are they? Oh, he's moved out? He's still married though, huh? Which one is that? The ATF guy? Happy birthday, kid. You want another Coke? It's a -- Something better. Open it. So the woman's married. She goes to bed with this prison escapee because he misses his little girl and then tells the world about it. But you don't reveal her name, you protect her. It sounds like you're saying it's okay as long as her husband doesn't find out about it. Like the guy who cheats on his wife, saying what she doesn't know won't hurt her. That's how you score now? ...She fixes him pork chops and rice, the next thing you know they're making love on the sofa. She says he was very gentle. Did you pay the guy the reward? I knew it, soon as I saw they were offering a reward. In case no one knows what he does. Tell me, Ray, you ever wear one says, "Undercover"? Likewise.This kind of setup, you don't have any idea what the fuck you're doing -- do you? Nervous? Jack, you don't use a gun, do you? Someone down here? You know how to use one a these? Hey. You learn from doing. Takes the TV, the VCR, some other shit and leaves his wallet on the floor. Shit, yeah. White Boy even got busted for it. White Boy, tell these boys the reason you went down on that burglary that time. Break and enter, shit. Take it and git, how it's done. Don't waste any time. That's how you do it. You got two minutes, that's all. Make up your mind. Soon as we leave here. Stop home and pick up what we need and go do it. Look, what you worried about Glenn for? What's he know? The fuck you talking about? Reggie, push off and hit, man. Push him off. Your homie, Glenn. Only thing, he went to the men's about a while ago and never came back. Warm? Man, it's ninety-five degrees in here, sometimes a hundred -- the way Emanuel always kep' it so his boys'd sweat, get lean and mean like Tommy Hearns. No, I ain't talking any business in here. To me this is holy ground, man. You understand? I got to be someplace anyway. Y'all want to talk, come to the fights tomorrow night, we'll sit down and look at it good. The State Theater. Let's go outside and talk. Just like it. Nobody backing down. You back down, you pussy. Tell me what you and Buddy doing up here in the cold? It seems to me I been reading about you in the newspaper. Busted out of some joint in Florida, huh? Himey here's a pro-toh-jay of mine. He's ranked number thirty-two in the federal prison system. This doesn't concern you, Foley. Why don't you go on out to the yard, have yourself a smoke? Another C. Company, shit. I watch the man's back. That's right. There a problem, Foley? No. You gonna stay close to me from now on. So you don't disappear on me. Yeah, Kenneth, why you have to do that to that poor girl. That was some shit, huh? Hey, shit, come on. I say I want this car, man, it's mine. You go get yourself another one. I say I'm in on Ripley? I'm in, with or without <i>your</i> ass. I say I want you to come along on another job, see if you for real or not, guess what you gonna do? Look, Glenn, I know you cool, but you don't have to give me no tone of voice, okay? You don't like what I'm saying, you can get out anywhere along here you want. Right now, son. Walk in a house with me, do this cross- dressin' nigga named Eddie Solomon I used to sell to been dealin' on his own. Yeah. If you can step up and actually do it. Understand? 'Stead of just talking the talk. Thing I'm worried about is you. You just ask me how we gonna do it. That's what I'm here for, tell you how. We the experts. I'll show you, soon as I get one more guy I'm gonna need, Moselle's brother, Kenneth. Along with White Boy there. You sure Foley and his pal aren't coming up here, do this themself? It's lilac, man, the color, and the style's made known by Deion and other defensive backs in the pros. I could be one of them living out here with doctors of my race and basketball players. Okay, here comes Mr. Ripley's house up on the left. Yeah. The brick wall. There's his drive, right there. Watch the road, boy. I like this Town Car. We can cruise the man's neighbourhood without getting the police or private security people on our ass. Oh, I'm here, all right. I'm very here. Question is, why aren't you here? Gimme another hint. Some one ? Gimme a hint. Uh-huh. You crazy, come up here ? It's fuckin one degree outside. Studs. Hey, son, you must be one a them psychic friends. I was just thinkin' about you. A'ight, this time we gotta get the motherfuckin' trajectory right... Okay, on three: One... Two... How do I look, mama? Let's go upstairs, have a look at the man's bedroom. All right now, you and Mr. Buddy check the rooms down here. Look at the wall behind any pictures hanging on it. Look at the walls in the closets. The man has a safe, it's gonna be up there somewhere. Where's Ripley's safe at, he keep his valuables in. You here all by yourself? When's he due back? Out for the evening? Not yet. Where's Mr. Ripley? Where the fuck is Foley? Forget about her. Tell me where the money's at. Where you been hiding, Dick? Well, if it isn't the Ripper hisself. Yeah. Sure. It's all settled. Faux goose down. ...and that extra pillow's gonna be an even three c's. That Bausch & Lomb Saline shit you asked for is gonna be eighty bucks. Whoever. The point is, prices are goin' up, too. Better get your little black book out, Richard. We got some business to talk about. Year ago, I come in here on credit card fraud, but after I shanked that loudmouth pussy on the yard the other day, my Dunn & Broadstreet, has gone way the fuck up. Not so fast, Dick. Starting now, there's gonna be an across the board cost a living increase. ...the fuck is this... White Boy, the man's not gonna hide no diamonds under the fuckin' mattress. I sent these two looking for him, they come back shaking their heads. Uh-huh. You recall, did it say dead or alive? White Boy, how much is the reward on the man again? Jack Foley, famous bank robber.You know who they are? When? Okay. How many going out? How many?We went out there, full SWAT, two choppers, the whole bit, but Linares started shooting anyway. We put him down, but somehow Chirino got away. Foley? Oh. No, it was one of the Cubans. Linares. Great. We got one of 'em. You look great. Your dad taking good care of you? The woman also said he stole her husband's gun, a twenty-two pistol, and some of his clothes. I spoke to her. The guy told her he missed his little girl and she felt sorry for him. Yeah, as soon as we got back. Yeah, someone spotted two of 'em in this hobo camp out by the airport, called the number-- No. Course not. I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Sisco.If that's my fate, so be it. I'm not leaving. I love her, Jack. I'm not leaving Midge. Five point two. I can't believe you're still angry with me, Jack, after all this time. Good God... they're shooting Midge! We'll go to my bank. I'll make a withdrawal. What do you want from me, Jack? Name it. You want money? We thought it might be her husband. Sometimes he comes and checks up on her. She told him I was down in Florida. Have they got Midge up there? Maurice? From Lompoc? Good God. Jesus Christ, what the hell are you doing here? What's going on? Who's upstairs? Foley? That you? Gentlemen. I think we've calmed down now. Haven't we, Jack? Jack, I'm disappointed. I guess I misjudged you. Today, I'm offering you a lousy job at a lousy wage. You think you're better than that? Fine. Show me. Show me that you're really willing to change and we'll talk about something better. A lot better. But first, Jack, you gotta earn it. First, I'm goin' to Israel for a year, study the Talmud, work on a Kibbutz... then come back, maybe take some tennis lessons. What's to think about? It works. You should try it sometime. The fish saved my life. Two years ago, I found out I had high blood pressure. So my doctor, he tells me to go get an aquarium, look at the fish every time I felt myself stressing out. Yeah, fish live in the present. They don't dwell on yesterday and they don't worry about tomorrow. Even when a big fish attacks a little fish, there's no neurosis involved. No guilt afterward. No whining on some fish-shrink's couch. They just do it. They accept. No need to decide now. Be like the fish. Let whatever happens happen. Who is? But then you gotta look at a job as more than just work. You gotta look at it as peace of mind. As <i>security</i>, you know what I mean? I got offices in Detroit, Miami, Boston, take your pick. Hey, Jack? Bullshit. I didn't make my first million until I was forty- two. Forty-two. You really want to change, it's never too late. I was just thinking that I could use a guy like you, someone knows how to ask for things the right way. I'm talkin' about when you're outta here. I mean, you can't rob banks for ever. Tell me something, Jack, how much longer you in here? It's a big house. Plus, even it was true, he'd still have to figure out where I keep 'em. Yeah, but who's gonna believe Glenn? I mean, do you believe Glenn? I know what you're talking about. You're the reason, Jack, I don't keep all my money in banks. Really? Tell me something. What's it like, walk in a bank with a gun, stick it up? Thanks for your help. Really? Well, I uhhh... Sounds high, doesn't it? Oh, uh, right, thanks... Foley's got it. Midge. Are those <i>my</i> suits? Excuse me. Snoopy? Did we settle the fish thing? Still... Well, I need that... I think it's Dunn & Brad street. But then, I could be wrong... What? Thank you...Are they dead? I found a rubber. I think he must've fell in. Ten gees. We have a problem here?