What? Why did you do that? You know it is. This is important. Do you have it?Perhaps we could both go at the same time... Do you have the material? We'll double your price. That was a mistake, trying to kill you. Mikhi did it without consulting me, I'd have never allowed it. Yes, Gregor, they sent me.In here... Of course. If you say a word in English, Vincent, my friend with the high powered sporting rifle will shoot you in the throat. Sorry to screw you over like this, but the information you want might get me killed if I give it to you, and that's a price I'm not willing to pay. There's been a slight problem. He's a cop, Vincent, he's French and he's a cop and you better shoot him in the fucking head right now! Bad company... Not so fast. Who's that?As my American friend Larry would say: are you fucking deaf? It's under your seat. It's under your seat. To make a point. I don't know her, and I was ready to splatter her brains all over the sidewalk. I don't particularly like you, so imagine what I'll do if you try anything... Do you really think so? Always in a rush, you are. All these years I've known you, you could never wait for anything. Shut up! Go ahead, shoot... Shoot and kill the bitch, I don't care. And yet you don't shoot. Interesting. Put down your weapon and walk away. Should any of you decide to rush me, I'll kill myself and whoever happens to be near me at the time. There's a problem... Ready when you are... I use my cell phone to get computer access to the telecommunications satellite used by our target. I trace his cell phone signature and use it to pin point his location as he moves through Nice, relaying that information to you. In this business, your life and your reputation are more often than not one and the same. I'd stake my reputation. I intend to. This phone is wired like no other: it's got an encryption chip and instant sat-a-link recognition, it can talk to any computer in any language and make it understand. With my custom hardware and this phone I can trace the target's cell phone signature and follow him anywhere he goes... It's quite satifactory. These days they they call me Gregor -- and I'm a tech. I do electronic work, surveillance, computer runs. Who are you? IRA? I think not. After you... You first, Edvard. Really? Do you have the money with you? I'm sure. But I'm sorry to say that it's too late for trust: we have a serious problem. I'm touched, really, that they'd send someone of your caliber. It's nice to know that they didn't make the mistake of underestimating me twice. We'll die if we stay here! I'll destroy whatever's in the case. Enough! Edvard said the same thing about you before he died. No, Mikhi, I wouldn't. Since I won't speak your language, and you can't speak mine, English will do nicely. I think not. I have, of course, taken the precaution of wiring the briefcase to explode five seconds after it opens. Unless, of course, I deactivate it before it goes off. So, you've got it all figured, do you? But you hate each other! It is, I'm telling you it is!! I swear, it has to come here! It has to... A post office box. I sent it to myself in Paris. I swear... I don't have it with me... Now that is an interesting proposition. Whoever hired us. What I do is none of your concern. What you should do is wait for my next phone call. I'm going to find a place where I can tilt the field in my favor. When I'm ready, I'll call you and tell you what I want you to do. I'm in the middle of saving you people a great deal of money -- the least you could do is have the decency to pay me! Much to your disappointment, no doubt. It's done. I do, I do... I need you, Swede, I can't do this without you! Nobody's going to do that! What are you doing? What's that? Then I guess we're set. A means to an end, is that it? I would imagine that the great satisfaction in all of this will be killing the American. Because if there's more than one party involved, if we really are working for different people, then perhaps some of us are on different sides. Your orders might be different from mine.If he hadn't you'd have put a bullet in his head a long time ago. Not exactly? But close enough, eh? So he saved your life, then? I've never seen a man who could have taken what he just went through. He's a cop? And you respect him. He's tough, your American friend. Hello, my friend. He doesn't look French to me, Vincent. You seem one to me. Perhaps forged is a better word. Like steel. Like a sword. You're a modern Samurai. I've spent my life around extraordinary men -- men like Vincent. But I've never seen anyone like you. I'm afraid Vincent will die if he goes with you. I suppose I want to know how a man like you is created. Perhaps. But you are not healthy, and if you try I'll kill you. Call it a reckoning of character. Not a word. But no ordinary criminal would have the extensive military and medical expertise you do. And so I place the pieces of the puzzle together in a way that makes sense to me. You work for some government agency and you carry a gun, and in my world, that makes you a cop. You suffered through an agonizing pain last night, pain you could have avoided by declaring yourself an agent of the law. He sees this differently, as you well know. Forgive my intrusion into your affairs, but I am the one who connected Vincent to this job, his agent, if you will. He is one of my oldest friends and I owe him a great debt, much like the debt I suspect he owes you. Something important? A thing that cannot wait? But first you have something to take care of? You should really let a doctor look at that. Don't worry, we'll take care of it. Are you sure you won't have a drink? Well, Vincent's American friend, shall we see what we can do for you?Oh yeah? Whatta you drink, then? Best beer in the world? Budweiser for me, thanks. What is? This...this is incredible. Is the rest of Europe like this? I never did trust that blonde fuck... How do we know that? Then Swede and I split with the package and meet you back at the rendezvous. You call me with the target's route, I follow along until we've reached the attack point and then I run his squag ass off the road. So what's the deal? I drive -- and my name is Larry. Larry from the States. Who the fuck are you? What are you gonna do, call him up and ask him to give us back our shit? Fine with fucking me, we got work to do. I don't care what it takes, we are getting our property back and putting it into the hands of the people who are gonna pay us a great deal of money when we do. I don't know about the rest of you guys, but I'm not the kind of guy to just sit back and take it in the ass. I don't mean that in, like, a literal way... Yeah, well... My way works too. Why don't you go do better, then... Is that right? Not for long. Gets the job done. Anybody tries to unpleasant me I'll put two between his eyes -- one to do the job and the other to make sure it takes. I don't think so. Not in mine. Is that right? Where is this broad? I blast the lead car into oblivion... Eat shit and die slowly... And you could stand to get a little smarter, ain't that right you dumb blonde fuck? Who the fuck died and appointed you food czar? Who's they? I got a surprise for you, blondie... What're you talking about, man? I don't understand.You'll die if you leave here. And more importantly -- I'm shocked, shocked to think that you'd believe him. Whatever you wish... This has all been a terrible mistake, Gregor. I wanted to play straight with you, but Edvard insisted we try and kill you. Sit, sit... Would you like one?So what do we do? It was a mistake, it shouldn't have happened. Gregor, is that you? Is it done?Not me. You work too often with the same people and you become friends -- clouds your judgement. Are you alright? I didn't say I was. Don't even think that I'm buying that. Oh please..you're on some sort of holy mission? Check this out. Gregor's a spook, or he was one until recently. When he was a spy he lived the life -- you know, a prince in some Eastern Bloc country where nobody had shit and Gregor had everything. Then the wall goes down. No more Cold War. And Gregor is out of a job. No apartment, no special stores with Western food and video tapes. I would bet dollars against shit that Gregor liked that phone and he doesn't want to give it up. And I wouldn't be surprised if he's arrogant enough to think... Because if they had she'd be gone along with the package, instead of sitting here with us. Now, what did we steal? Duty calls? You're a hired gun, Deirdre -- just like me. You don't have to explain yourself to me, Deirdre. And when I consider that, I have to wonder if you don't have some ulterior motive for being here, with me, right now. Part of me says I should just look at this as a perk. You know, a bonus. But then I remember you're you -- Deirdre who used to belong to the IRA -- and it occurs to me that deceit and subterfuge come very naturally to you. Is that right? I didn't think to see you again tonight. You were pretty pissed. We weren't real thrilled about it either... Hazard pay... Once. Sam. I'm a weapons guy. Sent it where? Then where is it? Bullshit! Don't talk to me unless you tell me what I want to hear, understand?!? You have no choice in this, don't think about winning, think about staying alive. I want the item, and if you don't give it to me, I'm gonna kill you. So none of us knows who's paying the freight, this is just some anonymous job. For all we know, we're working for different people. I got this gig through a contractor. And he most definitely didn't know who was doing the hiring, only that they were paying a lot of money... A Samurai has honor, a Samurai live by the code of Bushido, the way of the warrior. I'm just a killer for hire. The world isn't about honor, anymore. It's about survival. Vincent's life is his own burden; he'll have to carry it for himself. And I'm not any kind of Samurai. Created? So what is it you want to know? If I was healthy, I could take that away from you. So this is what, a test? Vincent told you that I'm a cop? I didn't expect that he would. It gets done now or not at all. Another couple of days and the parties concerned are gone where I can't get them. Yeah. Soon. Some, thanks. Enough to move on, for now. Then if you don't mind... I'm gonna pass out. You think you can stitch me up on you own? No booze...Pain's in the mind, and the mind I can control. Alright, let's do it. American. Did he bring that with him? It's a cocktail. Mostly demerol, cut with a little crank because we might need you awake in the real near future. My way is better. It's been known to happen. Long enough to shoot back. All in the stomach, though. Your man might live. You shoot alright. The point remains: we could be working for different people. There's a chance for one of us... Maybe more than one of us -- has been paid to cross the others. I don't know about you guys, but I like to know who I'm working for. It can help prevent a great deal of... ...unpleasantness. I told you, I quit. Gone. Destroyed. I don't know. Nobody knows, except a bunch of people who are too dead to tell us. There's probably a couple of guys back at the Company who know, but I don't think they plan to tell me anytime soon. You better get some sleep, alright? You don't owe me a goddamned thing, Vincent, and you know it. You stepped in front of a bullet for me. I owe you a heavy debt. What of it? What? And now... Let's get him out of here... I'll work on it... No, I don't. That's a good question. And yet you would have killed him to save my life. You have a sense of honor, Vincent, that I can't even remember anymore. I don't know that I ever even had it to begin with. All I know to do, Vincent, is to finish my job. It's the one thing I've got left to hold onto. Jean-Pierre is one of your closest friends, is he not? Because I don't walk away. The mark of a true Samurai. What I do for the Company, Vincent, is no different than what you do. We're both hired guns, and this is a job -- like any other job. Would you stop with that... Not just like that... Just before I turn around and it's six months from now and the first thing I do when I wake up in the morning is light a cigarette. Time to quit. Not here. They might see it. Yeah. We need out fucking heads examined. In a minute. No you don't, and you know it. I know I don't need to say this to you, but I need to say it to you. This is my job, I have to do it. Business keeps you on the road? Gimme a goddamn cigarette!!!! Give me a cigarette. I don't know... You said it yourself: Gregor's not dead. If they had the package, they'd have killed him. They don't have the package. How could you have done that? You would have done that? You were behind the door? I never made that claim. It is at that. Dark operations. Wet work. Kidnaping. Assassination. I'm a field agent -- last of an already extinct breed. I do dark ops. Sure I do. You heard him, you heard the guy -- that's what he said, what Edvard said. It's my job. Do what? You sure your friend got the right place? Thorough man. What's this? The Irish representative? I know of him. Good. Now take the forceps, and remember, Vincent, what we're doing here is routine. I've done stuff like this at least twenty times in the field. There are no vital organs where you're working, no major muscles or arteries -- you can't kill me. Just make sure you've got the bullet before you try to pull it out. You see the bullet? You don't have to do this. This doesn't involve you, don't you understand? I can't even guarantee you any money out of all this. We? There is no we in my world now, Vincent, just me. My job, Vincent, a job you don't need to know about. I can't go to the local cops -- they'd never be able to get close enough at this point. It's me or nobody, and I've been on this job too goddamned long not to finish. If I was a cop, a real cop, I'd have busted you a long time ago. This isn't about you, it's about the job I have to do. Not exactly. No hospitals. I'll fix this myself if I have to. You know one around here? Somebody you trust? I didn't save your life back there. Risked it, maybe -- but I didn't save shit. But you can't. It's Paris. The route's too indirect for anything else. A guy like Gregor, he doesn't waste time on this road unless he has to be on it in the first place. Otherwise, he'd be out of the country by now. He's going to Paris. Now I just hope we can find him before he gets there. He's going back. You might be a hired gun, Vincent, but I got a feeling you cost more than two bits. We live in a singular world, my friend. You don't. You just learn to live with it. I've seen a lot of people die before. It was at that. I have a feeling I'm about to start buying my own. I borrowed that, too... I hope you don't mind I took your pack. It was on the table. I came up here to sneak a smoke. What's going on? Gregor's cell phone... Because that's what I would have done... I saw you look off when Francois nodded his head. I figured he wasn't pointing out a particularly rare shrub, and the rest was easy. Know what? Well I ain't a cop. You know, what you pulled back there, that was bullshit. You need to know a lot of shit, Vincent. See what? What's going on? They'd have to keep something like this under lock and key in New York, and it would still get fucked up. Whatever it is it must be goddamned priceless. That's right: there's not hardly enough work these days, nothing that pays the big money, anyhow. Then along comes this job, paying so much goddamned money I couldn't afford not to take it. Somebody's paying through the nose for this. Who am I? I've wondered that myself. None of this answers my question, though... Why bring me? Deirdre? Smart, yeah, and seriously goddamned dangerous. Watch that one, he's an ex-spook for sure, maybe Stasi, maybe KGB. He's smart, Gregor is. Exactly. Why not bring them? So, Vincent: why bring me along for the ride? Job like this calls for a warm body, somebody who can stand around and look threatening. A tough guy. It has it's moments. Course, you get cancer and die, that's the down side. I do. I have, I don't know, maybe a cigarette a week. One's a lot more painful than the other. Not at all. Similar, but not the same. Jujitsu. What'd you say to him? I don't. But the language he's speaking is universal. And I suppose he's saying that we oughta give them something for using it, huh? As in, they own it? That's what I thought. I can do that. Where to? Coordinate what? He trusts you to lock up? No thanks. I know cops -- and you're no cop. Who else would you be? Sorry I'm late... Seamus Reilly. It's the Irish tape we want. Why's that? I'm sure. Gaelic. What's the story?Do I need to repeat myself? Shut up!!! Shut up and drive! I'm your superior officer and you will do as I goddamn well say, is that understood?!? Plastic fucking surgeon? You think I'm going to fix this, Deirdre lass? It's the mark of the patriot, and I'll wear it like a badge. As for those who done it to me, I'll take my pound of flesh before this is all over. Good Christ! Can't you lose these jokers? About time! Lose them! From Interpol? What in bloody hell is going on? Nothing. Problem my ass! I think you're lying to me, and if you are you're a dead man! I thought I did. It's been known to happen. It means I was worried that all the time you spent away from the fold might have affected you. You've been living the life of the hired gun -- the well paid hired gun, I might note. There's no glory to it, but there are those that like it. Now there's the Deirdre I know. Figured enough to know there's an odd man out and I'm looking at him. What's a little hate between business partners? What am I doing here? Why, I'm here to see my partners, Gregor, the boys in the Russian Mafia. See, your bosses had hoped to screw me by hiring you to pull your thieving double cross. But they only just found out that what's in the briefcase is completely useless without me. I can't fight them, and they can't kill me -- that means we're gonna have to do business together. You've told me a lot of things, boyo... This better be the real thing or you're a dead man! If you're lying to me you poor excuse for a human being, I'm gonna blow your brains all over this car. You slept with the fucker!! You should have kill him when you had the chance. But no... How is it these fellahs managed to get the drop on us? Why didn't you kill him?I just wanted to make sure you knew who you were dealing with. Really? Don't cross me... There is one other thing... That's it. I hadn't thought about it. Understand me, Gregor -- I take no pleasure in killing. It doesn't bother me one bit, but I don't get off on it. How so? I don't particularly like killing, tubby, but I want you to know that this one I'm going to enjoy. It's consider a virtue in some corners of the world. You should learn a little patience. After we stop the target car I get out and use the heavy artillery to kill the driver and his bodyguard. I ride with fat-boy... Who you calling dumb, dickless? I'm just worried about your health, Larry. You could stand to shed a few pounds. You should watch what you eat. Everybody. They call me Swede. What a surprise...Last I heard there was a film rep for the Irish players staying at this address, name of Seamus Reilly. Gonna be tough. Cause the Russian production company would be easier to find. You sure? It's an international thing. Several different peoples involved, criminals from all over the world, experts brought together to do a job. But maybe the most interesting thing about it is that preeminent in the plot we find the Russian Mob and the IRA in bed together. An unlikely group of partners. I gotta try and overcharge him, he has to moan about the price, we settle somewhere in the middle. Seamus Reilly, boy's a serious Irish Auteur -- a real firebrand. Thinks his more moderate filmmaking brethren have turned to making movies for peace-loving pussies, if you see what I'm saying. The Russian would be easier. All depends on whether you want the Russian or the Gaelic language version. What I've heard so far, it's all a lot of talk. I wasn't so sure what to make of it at first, cause, like I said, the Irish and the Russians are an unlikely mix. I might know where you could get a copy. Matter of face there's this flick I've been hearing about. I haven't seen it, but from what I hear it's pretty cool. Why don't we step into my office... Doing well. This is? My man, how you doing?I'm up for that... So where do you go from here? I don't want you dead, woman, I want the the truth! And I don't believe you... When this whole thing started you made it clear: you're running the show. And I don't believe you'd be running this show if you didn't know what was going on. Finding this package is a thing easier said than done. We don't even know what it is. What did we steal? And then Sam, you and I clean up whatever's left to be cleaned. While Sam and I take out the back two cars... We kept it... Of course. Then you better find it in your heart to tell me, Francois, because while your death is inevitable, it still isn't decided how painful it's going to be. Where's my information? I take it you still want the money... What's that? Here's yours. What do you mean? He's company. Do you have it? How did you know? Not exactly. Of course. Don't you? Yes, Sam's tough alright. Hello, Jean-Pierre. Just to keep me company, Sam -- I hate smoking alone. How about you? I thought all you IRA types smoked. I guess that's for the best. What happened to it? Tell me something first. The package: what was it? I know. "Your field dressing saved his life." That's three I owe you. Nothing... You speak French. You son-of-a-bitch... Finish it! Finish the job... You have to stop doing that! Do you have a good answer? And when you finish? What then? This package, whatever it is, do you give it to the CIA? Do you really think they deserve it? Closest and oldest. Why not? Why then, Sam, don't you act like this is a job like any other? Surely, if you are a hired gun, you realize that some times you just have to walk away without getting what you came for. Why? You've got more force of will than anyone I've ever seen. You handle a gun like it's a part of you, you perform surgery on yourself without anesthesia... And most amazing of all, you quit smoking, just like that. What of it? Samurai pain in the ass. Just like that? If I'm going to die for the CIA, I'm going to go out smoking. Besides, there's half a forest between us and them, they can't see a goddamned thing. Do we need anything else? I think not. If our positions were reversed, would you leave me? So I do it. Something like that. I'm not here very much. Why are you driving? You're not French, you don't live here, you don't know these roads. Why are you driving? Right now? You don't know? Bullshit, you had her, there was no way out. What the fuck happened? You think? Because I owe you. Look at that... I would have tried not to. But yes, if it would have kept him from shooting you, I would have. I was waiting to see what would happen. I didn't want to kill him if I didn't have to. I know. Jean-Pierre did. Not very zen of you, huh? Not so much the modern Samurai after all. Very ugly. Dark ops? It's a cover, then. A cover within a cover, a feint within a feint. You work for the CIA, it's the only possible answer. Then quit. You don't work for Interpol, Sam. Continue when it would be so much easier to give it up. Tell me, Sam: why do you do this? If Tony says this is it, then it's it. The address of the Russian production company. Just in case we need to find them. Yes. You know him? Clearly. Alright, it's done. Yes I do. It isn't about money for me, not anymore. I'm going with you. It looks to me like we're all that's left of our group. And what job is that? You're with Interpol -- you're a cop. Fix it yourself? Why are we even doing this? There's no need to run, Christ... You're a cop. No...I thought I'd take you to the hospital. You see it your way, I'll see it mine. You need a doctor. That makes twice now you've saved my life. You're a cop...you're a fucking cop...I should kill you. Not necessarily. He could go off road at any number of places. He might not even be in the country anymore. I never really thought I was part of the world you move in, Sam, to tell you the truth. I'm a hood, a thief. Big time in a small time king of way. To the local police I'm a prize, to the local hoods I'm a legend. But to a guy like you I'm just another two bit hired gun. I won't lie -- there have been times when I had to do it, times when the only way to get out alive was to see that the other man didn't. I haven't. Not like that. How do you get used to it? A lot of people died. Of course...whenever you feel like it just help yourself. Please, help yourself. Smoke as many you'd like. You were smoking? You weren't around when I woke up, I thought maybe something had happened. This has been one very fucked up job, Sam, and I'm not taking any more chances on anybody... Including you... The question still remains: what do we do now? But how did you know I would have the presence of mind to pull my weapon when I did? That there was a gun pointed at me. How did you know? I needed to see if you were a cop. I'm a popular man with the police, Sam, and whenever they try to catch me they always do it with an inside guy -- some man on some job who seems more trustworthy than all the others put together. And that's the guy you have to watch out for. I hate cops... I needed to know. I just wanted to see something. Lovely, isn't it? They certainly are. Whatever it is we're going to steal, it must be quite something. You were once some kind of special forces. Airborne Ranger, maybe a Navy SEAL. After that you rode shotgun for the CIA in some place like El Salvador or Afghanistan, a real mercenary. Only now -- now you're like the rest of us, it's a very competitive market since the end of the cold war. There's a lot of hired guns out here, and not nearly enough work to go around. I wanted to see who you were. I wonder if she truly left the IRA. So is the woman. Let's just say I thought the conversational possibilities were limited. Of course, I might have brought Gregor, but he didn't seem like the right candidate -- for this. Like Larry or Swede. There is that. Christ, I smoke a pack-and-a-half a day, and I tell myself I could be worse. It's just so damned pleasurable. A cigarette? As in one? One cigarette a week, who smokes like that? Help yourself. Since when do you smoke? What's the difference? Same thing, isn't it? That was a nice move you did on our young friend. Judo? I asked if we could give him anything else. I didn't know that you spoke French. Something like that... He says this is their block. Pretty much what you'd expect. To see a man about a thing. Things. This is my country, you know. I'm Vincent. And I coordinate. Let's just say he knows who I am. Cigarette? Perhaps the police? What makes you think we're here to meet you? You put everything on the line because you... You slept with her! You slept with her! Why didn't you kill her? It's a matter of respect. Why don't you wait outside, this won't take long. Tony and I have to talk some business, first. I get the picture. Can you get it? You said you might know where we can get a copy of this tape? Do you have the tape? I was wondering if you had any movies that were particularly new. A friend. I was telling him about how you always have the latest tapes. I'm alright. And you?