We're online for exactly two minutes. Slow down. "To any lengths, anywhere in the  world, to bring these people to  justice." Gotcha. Nobody knows you're here. Not your  people. Not even my President. You'll  die here alone and be buried unknown --  barring some miracle. -- God? GOD? What you eat. Whether you eat. Sleep.  Pain. Absence of pain. I decide. I  make the day and the night. Even the  way you got here -- a hand that  reached down from the sky? God? I am your new God. Black-and-whites on the scene? Residence or business? SWAT? On the way. Negotiator? Bomb squad? How soon can we get there --? In this traffic, maybe tomorrow. Oh, fuck. It just blew. -- What?! -- That's what they're telling me. -- And nobody's hurt? Thank God. -- our first and last warning. We expect our demand to be met. There  will be no negotiation. That is all. You sure this is all they got? Maybe it's performance art. -- Okay. Blue paint. Voice-altering  technology -- -- available from The Sharper Image  catalogue. Still, the rhetoric sounds political.  Militia? Frank --? Jihad isn't known for their sense of  humor, and Hamas is raising so much  money here, why queer their deal? -- And, excuse me, but why do we  immediately assume they're Arabs? I want a composite of the suspects  in circulation by the end of business  today. Tina, you cross-check it  against the mainframe. Mike, have  you got the lab analysis on the paint? Not yet... -- See if any was sold in quantity  the last month. Danny -- -- find out what stop these guys got  on the bus, maybe there's a witness. Hub... I think we're all eager to  give up our weekends on this. It  just occurs to me, has anybody even  committed a crime here? I mean,  assault with a deadly color? Here's what I don't like. They know  explosives. They know our response  time. They put in a call and walk. Excuse me, sir. I think you should  see this. Came in on the Fax. Release him? Him who? Who are we  holding? -- Omar Abdel Rahman... asshole. The Hamas guy got released in April. Under protest. Why be coy about it? -- She's looking for wiring signatures  on the device and asking for copies  of any latent prints we've managed  to lift. -- Agency? Smells like it. Turns out she's also  been talking to some of the  passengers. Hi. Special Agent Anthony Hubbard. FBI. -- And you've been trying to "liaise"  with me all day? Did you think of  trying the phone book, Elise? We  have fourteen lines, that's not  counting the unlisted ones. And I'm Colin Powell. What exactly  do you people want with my bus. Who exactly is "we" on this particular  team, Elise? Tell you what, you send me an official  inter-agency request for cooperation  on this and I'll give you copies of  everything we come up with. Otherwise,  get your ass on out of here before  you contaminate my crime scene any  more than you already have. You think this is nasty? In case you haven't heard. The CIA  has no charter to operate  domestically. Which puts you in  violation of federal law. Special Order 12333 refers to domestic  terrorism. You got something you  want to "share" with me? Us being teammates and all? -- get back to me, yeah, I know. Here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna  have a couple my "teammates" here  escort you back to wherever you came  from. And then I'm gonna go back to  the office and wait for that official  cooperation request. Okay by you? Nice meeting you, Elise. Is that  Elise with an "E" or an "A"? Tail her. "In the Name of Allah, the beneficent,  the merciful. Say: I seek refuge in  the Lord of Men, the King of Men." "Make me know that which I have become  ignorant of; and make me recite it  in the hours of the night and the  day; and make it an argument for me  O Thou Sustainer of all the worlds!"  Ameen! Ameen. Very. -- He doing her? Some detective you are. They stopped. Really? I wonder if she likes white  guys. I wonder if she likes bald guys. You must be so proud... -- big orthodontia bills. Someday,  you'll understand. Where we going? You're staying with your family. I'm  back in the morning. You sleep here? Immigration called. -- who's trying to score points with  his boss, bigtime. Has he broken any laws? Not anymore. ...so, Kahlil, you're saying this is  an INHERITANCE? Somebody DIED and  you're bringing them the MONEY? No, no... dhouri. ...He means, "dowry." Check out his neck. The tabac. Sssssss... The territories. Put him in play. -- on the Van Wyck... No, not yet. -- What are we in? A '97 Contour. On my Visa. Back home, the security services'd  be up this guy's ass with a poker,  but what do we do, we let him go. ...Six teams on the ground, at  least... well, pull 'em off the UN... Stay back... Not my first date, Hub. He's taking the BQE. Looks like it's  Brooklyn. I want husbands and wives, I want  baby carriages, and no Brooks  Brothers. You're micro-managing. -- And find me a judge I can work  with. We want sound on this guy...  damn'... I'm losing you... And bring us a radio. I get reimbursed for this, right? Twelve bucks in Gaza. America's the place to be if you're  a terrorist. Fred's hovering. Patsy, take over... ...Tell her to watch out for  reflections. I got the Judge. ...Good morning, Sir. How're things  in the Second Circuit this morning...?  ...I hear you... Listen, Judge, we're  in a kind of situation here... Hold on, will ya, Judge? Is he talking to somebody, who's he  talking to? Are we getting film? -- Frank? Don't know him. If we were allowed  to get sound on them, we'd know him. ...What's that? No, Judge, not yet  we're not... but we have reason to  believe he may be involved with -- Damnit Tommy! He's overacting! Tell him -- Sorry, Judge... No... I just -- He's making him. Shit. Fuck. He's -- Go, go, go!!! All units -- Christ! Judge, I'm gonna have to call you  back... Shit --! I didn't take the insurance. What the --? They just found the van. Doesn't  look like they're gonna find any  prints. Run him down, bring him in. Floyd Rose. Go, Floyd. I've got two in the Plymouth, at  least three inside, and see that guy  walking his dog...? He did his  business about an hour ago and they're  still walking. I had a dog like that once. It's not his dog, numbnuts. They're  spies. The dog works for the CIA? All units report in turn. Let's roll. Federal Agents. Hands behind your  back -- -- Keep 'em where we can see 'em,  thank you very much. Hi, guys, I expect you know the drill. Really? I'm taking him into custody  just the same. Not in this lifetime. What friends --? What have you got  for me, Elise?... Enlighten me. Tell me now or tell me downtown. Get this guy out of here and book  him. You have "the right to remain silent,"  you have "the right to an attorney.  Anything you say can and will be  held against you in a court of law -- -- Kidnapping. Obstruction of Justice.  Assault. Cuff her. So, Elise... You okay back there,  you don't get carsick or anything?  Those handcuffs too tight --? Wow. You're really good. She's really good. You ready to tell us what's going on  here, Elise --? Was the paintbomb a  warning? No shit? Is there a terrorist cell operating  in this city that we are unaware of? You ever been in Rikers, Elise? You  know what happens in there? -- definitely Arab-types, only this  time they're still in there... Any communication at all? Nope. It's weird they're just in  there. Get the frequency of the driver's  radio and patch it through to this  number. We need two lines. Frank,  get a negotiator out here. Sir, they've got kids in there. We  count six. That gives us something to work with. Oh, now you want to talk. You want  to be my friend, is that it? How do you know? Is there a terrorist cell operating  in Brooklyn? Was the blue paint a warning? If they wanted to blow the bus then  why haven't they blown the bus --? The driver's name is Larry Kaiser.  He says they've got explosives  strapped to their chests, they got  automatic weapons, and they're  speaking Arabic. Where the hell's the negotiator? Tunnel's got twenty minute delays  and they're working on both bridges. What else did he say about the device?  Did he describe it at all? Anything  about a button, or a cord, or... Meaning? -- Hub... -- So? What? I got the marksmen on the com --  They're looking for a clean shot. Shooter says they've got the  passengers all standing in the aisles.  He says, no go. We have rules of engagement we're  gonna follow here, folks, so put the  safeties back on your weapons. Nobody's killing anybody until we  see what's what. Larry, this is Agent Hubbard of the  FBI, I'll be negotiating our way out  of this. Let me talk to one of them...  I know... I know. You just hang in  there, Larry... No, don't worry,  I've got somebody here who can  translate. Sir, -- My name is Anthony Hubbard.  I don't have any authority to make  deals, or respond to demands. I just  want to find out if you need anything  in there? If any of the passengers  are in need of medical attention? -- Frank? I don't know if they understand. Sir, is there anything you want to  say to me? That I can tell my people  here? The guy's just breathing into the  phone, maybe they're not even Arabs. I get the feeling you don't want to  talk, but will you listen --?  ...Whatever grievance you have,  whatever quarrel -- surely it doesn't  involve these children -- So I'm gonna ask you to... please...  let... the... children go. Okay, here we go... Thank you, sir. I appreciate that  gesture, I really do. The best way  to get what you want in these  situations is to show yourself to be  reasonable. As you've just done. Now we've got some more to talk  about... I am unarmed, as you can see. So I  propose... You let the rest of the  passengers go, and I take their  place... That way, there's no pizza  deliveries or bathroom breaks to  worry about -- and all these -- -- people... will disappear. I'm gonna take your silence to mean  you're considering my offer -- How about we just start with a few  of the elderly people you got on  there. It's got to be hard for the  older folks to be standing all this  time. Thank you, sir. Now let's just let  these -- I'm... alright. I'm -- -- okay... Just let me -- Is anybody -- -- every trap, every hole. I want to  rumble every mosque, every community  center, every student organization  that's ever said an unkind word. I  want the heat turned up under all  our assets, all our informers, every  snitch gets twisted inside out. And  put some money out on the street --  Arab community hates these people as  much as we do. They'll help. Have you got positive ID on -- Hub, we don't have positive ID on  anybody. We need more hands. Fred -- I'm on it. I want to talk to Khalil. -- Conferences with DC at 9:00, 12:00,  4:00 and 9:00. Call your families,  find a sleeping bag, nobody leaves  this office until we have a strand  to pull. Oklahoma City, people. The  first twenty-four hours are the only  twenty-four hours.. And I don't want  to see anybody walking. Doctor seen him? Got a cigarette --? Ten thousand dollars. Khalil. I want to talk about the  money. Okay... Doesn't like second hand smoke. You ready to talk about money? ...He says he loves America and only  wanted to get away from the security  services at home. ...He says he's sorry but he didn't  know he was doing something bad. His  cousin introduced him to a man who  promised him two hundred dollars for  his dowry if he'd bring the suitcase  to an address in Brooklyn. He's a cut-out. Nasty habit. 3830 Flatbush Avenue. We want every rental agreement from  every landlord in Brooklyn. Hotels,  motels, flophouses... It's cash, guys. They're the only  ones in America using cash. This is a spectograph of the semtex  used in the bomb. Look at the benzene  spike. This is the genuine article. Now... this one's from the barracks  in Dhahran. As you can see, the  signature is identical. -- ask it if they've ever hit buses? -- with a Q-tip. Bone shards, hair,  fingernails -- -- He's way over his head. Shut the fuck up and go give somebody  a parking ticket. Not yet. "-- Today; Tel Aviv has come to  Brooklyn. The question... is why." Got one! Ladies and Gentlemen, meet the late  Ali Waziri. Tina talked to the Israelis and traced  this sucker to a group operating out  of Ramallah. That's the West Bank,  not the West Side for those of you  just joining us from Nebraska. IAP66. What's IAP66? Hold on, hold on, I'm looking it up -- -- Today, Danny... Wait, wait -- Here we go. Student  Visa, J-1. Where's the original --? In his passport. Which is... vaporized. Where's the copy? At the point of issuance. Could be  the American Consulate in Tel Aviv.  The American Consulate in Amman,  Cairo, Alexandria, Riyadh -- all an  easy drive from the West Bank -- What time is it --? Three-fifteen. P.M. When's the last time you ate? Sir. They want you in the lab. Pure, unadulterated, Egyptian cotton. You're saying they're Egyptian? No. No... I'm just saying -- See... -- It's what they use for funerals.  The guy was wearing a shroud. Let's see if she's ready to talk. I thought one phone call and you  were out of here. Why not? Just some tinnitus in my left ear -- I need to know what I don't know. You hungry? -- the washing of the body, then the  shroud. I saw it on Sixty Minutes.  Tell me something I don't know. Extracted? Extracted by whom? I see. With something of a devoted following? ...Okay, I can understand why we  might not want to publicize the fact  that our government's in the  kidnapping business, but why not  tell us? What else you got on his followers. Meaning? So they'll just keep coming until we  release him. What about talking to this sheik? So who's giving the orders? How do  they coordinate, pick their targets? We wait. Sorry, boss. Hello, Elise. Mmmm, is  that pastrami? Oh, yeah, we made the guy in the  picture. My people. The last of the  unambivalent smokers. Monsters. The toughest motherfucker  in Bed-Stuy is a muffin compared to  some of these guys. His name's Samir Nazhde. Teaches  Arab Studies at Brooklyn College. He  sponsored Ail Waziri's student visa.  And dig this -- his brother blew up  a movie theatre in Tel Aviv. Why would I consider doing that --? You're fishing and he's getting visas  for bombers. Yes, and he's on the next plane for  Tunis. Take him down. Go. Samir Nazhde, my name is Frank Haddad,  I'm a Federal Agent. We have reason  to believe you are an accessory to  the bombing of Bus 87. Are you crazy --? You are an associate of Ali Waziri. Who? I know no one by that name. You got him a student visa. I sign these applications as a matter  of course, hundreds of them. Everyone  wants to come to the land of  opportunity and Baywatch. You spent two years in Israeli jails  during the Intifada. The only ones who didn't were women  like you. Frank -- Sorry. Family matter. You're going downtown, my friend. You cannot hold me. I know my rights.  I watch American television. Defrauding the INS is a Federal  Offense. Reservation for one, please. "Oh, Danny-boy, the perps, the perps,  are call-ing... We need a search warrant on Samir... Frank, c'mere a sec. I want to show  you something. Frank, you ever hit a prisoner again  I'll have your badge. -- Someday I will tell you what those  people did to my village in '71. Okay. But right now, act as if I'm  capable of saying something funny...  Now, let's go see about that warrant. Find me a Judge who'll play ball  this time. And set up a polygraph  for Samir. What's there to tip? You're just trying to protect your  asset. Aren't you, Elise --? He's your Joe,  your asset. He's working for you,  you're his case officer -- right? Meaning, he's your Joe. So you're saying... you sleep around? So we share him. -- Call INS, find out his status and  start deportation proceedings. Oh, you can't let me do that. What  precisely is your involvement with  these people. ...Call the judge. Daily reports. We tap his phone. Fair enough. We share him. Then don't tell him. Let him fly. But we better start seeing product. Any more surprises for me? Then I'm going home to get some  things. I'll have somebody drive you. I'll grab a cab. Elise. I'm really high strung, too. You let him HIT ME --!! You cannot  care about me and let such things  happen! Sometimes I hate you just because  you are so American. It makes me  want to hurt you. I think about  fucking you and hurting you. Don't tell me what I have to do. -- Some people just cannot live in  the camps. For my brother, it was  already like dying. The only thing  he lives for is movies. -- And then some sheik tells him  that, to die for Allah is beautiful.  If he does this thing, our parents  will be taken care of, and he will  live on in Paradise with seventy  virgins. Seventy. And my brother, he needs to believe  it very much, so he straps ten sticks  of dynamite to his chest and goes to  the movies... And I become a VIP. It is very  confusing. You are using me, too! Everybody  uses the Palestinians! We are the  whores of the Middle East! You make reports about our little  talks --? What about fucking me? Beats cable. Hi. I understand they call you Hub. I know who you are, General. Bill Devereaux. I served in the -- 82nd Airborne, I know. Same time I  was running the -- -- 173rd. Put me through school. God. Duty. Honor. Country. Where on  Capitol Hill, Wall Street, or  Hollywood would you find one man  who's even paused over one of those  words in the last ten years? What, uh, brings you here, General?...  Can I get you some coffee? You want me to get to the point. The  President's concerned. He's worried  that -- have you met him by any  chance? No, sir, I haven't. I know -- reading  the papers -- terrorism's a real  concern for him. And your job is to -- -- With all the affection for the  man I can tell you he doesn't know  fuckall about terrorism, or the  Mideast, that I don't put on his cue  cards. What he's expert in is his  own survival. You get my meaning? I didn't guess you came all this way  for a cup of coffee. Agent Hubbard -- you look like you  think I'm here to take your baby  away! With all respect for your expertise,  sir. We're on track here. Which is what I said to the President --  the Army is not some big green police  department. Stick with the man on  the ground. I appreciate your support. You're sure you're not chasing your  own tail, though? What do you know about Sheik Ahmed  Bin Talal? Old news. Maybe not. We've received two  communications -- from the bombers  to "Release Him." We can't release him. I know our stated policy is not to  negotiate with terrorists, but -- Hub, we can't release him because we  don't have him. We never had him.  And besides that, he's dead. The CIA says -- The CIA? The CIA couldn't predict  the fall of the Berlin Wall until  bricks were hitting them in the head. The Libyans snatched the Sheik --  some sectarian Muslim thing -- I'll  explain it next time you have a free  week. They killed him. Qaddafi put  out disinformation that it was us...  Who was your source on this? Elise Kraft. ...A woman will never know the Middle  East. You're talking about a culture  that keeps its women slipcovered.  Elise Kraft can't tell a Sheik from  the prophylactic of the same name. I appreciate the heads up. Please, don't let me -- Sounds like I should get out of your  way. We're there if you need us. Your father well, Elise? Top of her game. Well, go get 'em. How's your lip --? No. Just learning about commitment. -- You're telling me that just because  some Brooklyn landlord tips you off  that he's been paid in cash, you  have the right to call in the cavalry -- ! Hub, as far as I know, paying cash  is not yet a crime in this country. You're not hearing me. This Khalil  was carrying cash for -- -- You've observed him giving cash  to -- ... No, but -- -- But you have hard evidence linking  this apartment to the people that  blew up bus 87 --? I know we'll turn up trace elements  of semtex, chemicals... something. And when you do, you'll get your  warrant. What about as a feasibility study? Meaning? We enter first, take a look, then  fill out the warrant. Tell me the difference between that  and breaking-and-entering? We're the good guys. Not good enough. What is good enough, Judge? Another  bus? A school, maybe. These things  come in waves. Waves mean nothing to me; there's  been a wave of violent crime committed  by black people in this city for the  past twenty years, but if you came  to me with a plan to put all black  people behind bars as a preventative  measure I'd send you packing. There's  a price to be paid for living in a  free society -- -- and not in cash I guarantee it. Frank's working another warrant -- You mean people like you? It's... against... the... law. Just because you talk the talk doesn't  make you an expert. And just because  you read my file doesn't make you an  expert on me. -- You think I want to lose them.  Where do you get off talking that  shit. If I don't take 'em down properly  they'll be on the street two hours  from now. I could find dynamite,  semtex, plutonium and a book of  matches in there and unless I've got  the right warrant it's all  inadmissible My quaint laws? Last I checked you  were an American citizen. And these  happen to be the only laws we got. Look, I'm just a cop, okay, and I'm  real sorry the cold war's over, and  you Masters of the Universe got  nothing going on over there in  Afghanistan or Iraq or wherever --  but you're just not in the Middle  East anymore... Three sounds right. If we had  microwave we'd know for sure. The  CIA's got microwave, how come we  don't have microwave. -- three of them. All day long they  watch tv. And eat pizza. Nothing but  pizza, pizza, pizza... You want change, right --? No. You gonna open the door, or what --? Jesus, didn't ya hear crime's down  seven-percent... FBI --! Lie down on the floor with  your hands behind your back --! Drop your weapon! What about the others? See if we can  get a pulse -- Terminal. Same here. We got semtex, we got detcord, same  stuff as the bus, the whole  enchilada... Anybody like anchovies --? Goddamn it. GODDAMN IT. What --? It didn't fire. They had it rigged  to the door and it didn't fire. We're too old to be lucky, Frank. But you work against them. So I'm a fanatic. Is that right? That's what my nephew keeps asking  me. "Why you with The Man, Unc?" You read my file. You tell me. That was in my file? You believe in anything, Elise --? How about right and wrong? So am I --! Hey, Elise... tell us  about being a spook? Ever meet Aldrich  Ames? Weren't you at the Bay of Pigs? The Shah of Iran, Noriega, I love  the way you guys predicted the  collapse of the Soviet Union. -- only my prom date wasn't packing  a gun. Two inches. From the ground. So what's the latest from Samir. I  want a list of every visa he  sponsored. I once knew this undercover guy,  started to care so much about his  source -- Have you considered that he might  also be in bed with the other side? You're so confident. Whoa... What do they put in these  drinks --? -- fucking bastards waited 'til  intermission. Everybody standing  around... Oh, Jesus... Is it true the governor was attending  tonight's benefit --? I don't know. Who it is I'm speaking to --? Folks, as you can probably tell, we  have begun our descent into  Washington's National airport. Either we answer this threat quickly  and convincingly or next week there'll  be a hundred more all over the world. Sounds great, General, except why  can't we find out who's behind it -- These sects are organized so you  need a kill to your credit to get  inside. It makes undercover operations  impossible. What that leaves us is...  we're working on it. How about who's behind who's behind  this? Ask a question. Get an atlas. All I know is that we must respond. Respond, sure. But how? Find out who it is and bomb the shit  out of them. And if we can't find out --? Look it keeps escalating. First a  bus, then the theatre. What's next? Anything but leadership. With all respect, Senator, why don't  we just stipulate that the President  is a dumb son of a bitch so we can  all get down to business. What about sending in the Guard? The National Guard are trained for  riot control not counter-terrorism. The Army then. I've seen the  contingency plans. It's settled legal doctrine, posse  comitatus, that the Army not be turned  against our own people. Even if that's what our own people  are asking for, three to one? If the President is willing to declare  a State of Emergency -- President Lincoln declared martial  law in 1862. He suspended -- -- which the Supreme Court later  found un-constitutional. Ex parte  Milligan. And I've got an election in November.  Ex-United States Congressman. Guys, guys, the President lost a lot  of friends last night -- Not to mention six points in the  polls. -- And his plane lands in two hours.  We owe it to him to have a consensus. You don't fight a junkyard dog with  ASPCA rules. What you do is take the  leash off your own, bigger, meaner  dog. ...General? The Army is a broadsword not a  scalpel. You do not want us in an  American city. But hypothetically... how long would  it take you to -- We only go if the President invokes  the War Powers Act. I understand that, General. Let us  imagine, though, for a moment, that  the order has been given. ...Twelve hours after the President  gives the word we can be on the  ground. One light infantry division  of ten thousand seven hundred men.  Elements of the Rapid Deployment  Force combined with Special Forces --  Delta. APC's, tanks, helicopters.  And of course, the ubiquitous M-16A1  assault rifle, a humble weapon until  you see a man carrying one outside  your local bowling alley or Seven- Eleven. It will be noisy, it will be  scary and it will not be mistaken  for a VFW parade. That means civilian casualties. At a  minimum it's a drunk private joyriding  in a Hummer who runs down an old  lady in Greenpoint. At a maximum... Make no mistake. We will hunt the  enemy. We will find the enemy. And  we will kill the enemy. And no card-carrying member of the  ACLU is more deadset against it...  than I am. Which is why I urge you...  no, I implore you not to consider  this option. I know what the President will say. What's that? That's exactly why you're the only  man for the job. I remind you General Devereaux does  not speak for official Army policy.  A police function has become accepted  as our role in Haiti, in Somalia -- -- Could I interrupt? That's Anthony Hubbard, FBI. He's  the ASAC on the ground up there.  They took out the first cell less  than 36 hours after bus 87. I suggest  we hear what he has to say -- There is something you probably  haven't thought about doing? And that is --? Nothing. Don't over-react. With all respect, gentlemen, I'm  just a cop. To you these people may  be martyrs, but to me they're  criminals. And a criminal is no more  than somebody who thinks he's better  than everyone else. And he's not  better. He only has to be wrong once.  And that's where we come in. We run  down a tip from a landlord, or we  pick up a latent print from a bus.  Our phones are ringing off the hook  with people from the Arab community  wanting to help. They love this country and they hate  that these criminals are giving them  a bad name. With their help and some  old-fashioned shoe leather, we'll  nail these guys. -- Amen to that. Thank you, Agent Hubbard. I, too,  think we should proceed cautiously. Now we've got an Agency briefing  prepared... Some of you may not know  Sharon Bridger. Sharon was posted in  Iraq as part of our covert operations  during the Gulf War. -- Sharon... And Cell #3? How do we find Cell #3? -- Are they confirmed? Fred, Whitney, we're waiting on who  else... Sharon. Anthony Hubbard. Average intelligence. But 'til I hear otherwise this is  still my show. I'm here as an advisor only. I intend  to keep a low profile. I appreciate that, Colonel. I don't mean to be insensitive, but  what, exactly, are your capabilities  at this point? Your... infrastructure -- You're standing on our infrastructure.  Excuse me. -- They managed to get a partial  VIN# off the van. DMV says it was  reported stolen the day before in -- -- Brooklyn. Fiber thinks they've come up with a  piece of the shroud. Egyptian cotton. We just got a confirmation on Mike.  He was with Fred in the lobby. How many does that make it --? Frank. This is Sharon. -- I didn't catch the last name. Been better. Why was there no warning from Samir? Says Samir. Maybe I'll ask him. Over six hundred dead bodies. How the fuck can you be so sure? -- and financing the Sheik. -- And help bring down Saddam. So who are they? Give me names, Give  me pictures. Not some history lesson. So you got nothing. Has he had any contact with them? How does he do it? And otherwise... He's waiting? What's he waiting for?  More bodies? We got lots more  buildings in midtown, maybe he's  waiting to see how many they can  blow up. YOU DON'T KNOW SHIT HOW I FEEL -- MY How?... Why soon? What's the tradecraft, Sharon?  Ironsites, visuals? I love all that  spy shit. I'm gonna haul your boy downtown,  strap his ass to a polygraph and ask  him all about you. Then I'm gonna  send the transcripts to a friend of  mine at the Times who just loves to  write about the latest CIA link to  some political horror show. It's lose-lose from here on in, who  said that? How can you possibly remember who  you're fucking? That's good sound. Except they're not saying anything  worth listening to. One's his uncle, he owns the place.  The other's a doctor. They check out  clean. He go there every day? A clean body and a pure heart. -- claiming responsibility for the  bombing. In other news, a cab driver  was beaten and his cab set on fire.  The driver, Rashid Abu -- -- the Jews, man. When they say,  jump, we say, how high. I say we -- -- If you're on the State Department  Terrorist Watch list you cannot get  into this country. But Ali Waziri  was on the watch list, and he got  in. Did you call the State Department? They told me to call INS. -- And? They told me to call State. Don't you just love government? THE PEOPLE OF THIS CITY HAVE A RIGHT -- -- THE PURPOSE OF THIS MEETING --! -- IS TO MAKE THIS CITY SAFE...! And  your department -- My department WHAT, ASSHOLE...? Guys... GUYS... Sorry. From now on, we will raise  our hands and wait to be called on -- Danny --? We bring 'me in, have a talk. What about translators --? How many people we talking about  here? Where the hell we gonna put sixteen  hundred people? What about a military presence at  JFK and LaGuardia --? I don't think we're there yet. It's  also not going to stop these people. What about protecting the Arab  population? There's a lot of anger -- I represent the American-Arab Anti- Discrimination Committee. Whatever  injustices my people may be suffering  at this difficult moment, we will  continue to show our patriotism and  our commitment to this country. Thank you, sir. And to everyone else  for their patience today. These are  extremely difficult times -- London,  Paris, we're not the first city to  have to deal with this. In Tel Aviv, the day after they blew  up the market, the market was full. This is New York. We can take it. -- one of the moms was carrying a  piece, wounds the guy as he's planting  the device. He kills her and locks  them all in. Up there in the corner... by the  clock. -- It's got a timer on it only we  don't know how much time is left. Closer on the timer. I'm trying but the angle's wrong... What the fuck is the NYPD doing here?! I don't know. Somebody must have -- -- WE'VE RUN DRILLS ON THIS I KNOW --! YOU THINK I -- QUIT BICKERING AND FIX IT! NYPD SWAT, this is the FBI. Get that  bird the fuck out of there! My neck's a little stiff, that's  all. I know. You want a drink? Better days. Where's Samir? You'd like that. 555-6354. How about running an FBI agent? ...Why else are you here? Leave. The FBI received another fax. Ahmed Bin Talal. They're still under  the impression that we have him. Do we? Have him? To refresh your memory, as I told  you last time, it was the Libyans  who -- I remember perfectly well what you  said last time. Do we? Let me give you some free advice,  son. Don't get between me and the  President. You might break a nail. I am speaking for the President. As far as the President is  concerned... No, we do not. General, do you know that after  yesterday's attack, half the parents  in this country kept their children  out of school --? ...They're attacking our way of life.  It's got to stop. And the President  cannot afford to be weak. Are you saying the President is  prepared to take the necessary  steps...? I'm saying, the President is prepared  to be... Presidential. Hubbard... What --? ...Slow down,  slow down -- Today, with the invocation of the  War Powers Act by the President, I  am declaring a state of martial law  in this city. To the best of our knowledge, we are  opposed by no more than twenty of  the enemy. He is hiding among a  population of roughly two million. Intelligence tells us he is most  likely Arab-speaking, between the  age of fourteen and thirty. Narrowing  the target to fifteen thousand  suspects. We can further reduce that number  down to those who have been in this  country less than six months. Now  you have twenty hiding among two  thousand. If you are one of these twenty young  men, you can hide among a population  of similar ethnic background.  Unfortunately for you, you can only  hide there. And that population, in  the classic immigration pattern, is  concentrated. Right here in Brooklyn. We intend to seal off this borough.  And then we intend to squeeze it.  This is the land of opportunity,  gentlemen. The opportunity to turn  yourselves in. After sundown tonight  any young man fitting the profile I  described who has not cooperated  will be arrested and detained. Would you follow me, please. The  General is expecting you. There is historically nothing more  corrosive to the morale of an army  than policing its own citizens. But the enemy would be sadly mistaken  if they were to doubt our resolve.  They are now face to face with the  most fearsome killing machine in the  history of man. And I intend to use  it. And be back on base in time for  the play-offs... That is all. Hub. Good to see you again. I can't say the same, sir. Not in  that uniform. I thought you were  against this. I am against it. It wasn't my call. "I'm only following orders" didn't  work at Nuremberg. It may not be  your policy but they're your tactics. Your operation had its chance, Hub,  and you couldn't get it done. You're  down three touchdowns. Time to bring  in the first string. Against our own team? Are you questioning my patriotism? I'm questioning your judgement, yes,  sir. Hub, I want you to take a moment and  reflect on my life as a soldier. I  have a dozen tropical diseases I'll  never entirely get rid of. I set off  metal detectors with the shrapnel in  my ass. I have watched men die and I  have killed. Now I am serving my  President and quite possibly not the  best interests of my country, but my  profession doesn't afford me the  luxury of that distinction. I won't  question your patriotism but don't  you ever again question my command. I'm not under your command, General. Take a good look around, my friend,  and tell me that's still true. But we're not shutting you out. In  fact, I can't do it without you,  Hub. I need men like you. Men willing  to put it on the line like you did  in that schoolroom. These stars mean I have been putting  it on the line for thirty years...  and never made a mistake worth  remembering. Don't tell me I made a  mistake about you. They're not shutting us out. They  need men like me. We're putting Samir in play. Oh, right, he's high-strung. Only  you can manage him. You and the CIA  and the DIA and God-knows-who-else  you're really working for --! Get back in there, Sharon, Elise,  whatever the fuck your name is --  They'll probably make you a Colonel...  if you're not one already. What, exactly, are your interests,  Sharon? You protect Samir, you protect  the agency. You're interested in  protecting everything but your  country. No, and I don't want to know. With  you or without you we're putting  Samir in play. Now. Oh, my God. Oh, my God... Does he understand the difference  between the FBI and the DEA? Listen to that --! Are you listening?  They're killing Arabs out there! You can stop it all right now. What are you talking about --? The  army is here. They're setting up  interrogation centers right now.  They're torturing people in cellars. Let's just calm down for a second... -- I've got to get out of here. You  have to help me -- We'll take care of you... don't worry.  You just have to calm down -- Money... I must have more money... -- You got a student visa for Ali  Waziri. Because... somebody asked  you to -- Didn't they --? I... got it myself. Hey, that's enough. She's crazy. They're ghosts. Jinn.  They'd never trust someone like me. Please... Now... Nobody's going to burn you,  nobody's going to call anybody -- -- Who asked you to get that visa? Don't be afraid. I can protect you.  There's nothing to be afraid of. I'm afraid of going to hell. His name is Tariq Husseini. He runs  an auto shop. ...on Commerce Street in Red Hook. My beeper number. Anybody messes  with you, I'm there in twenty minutes. You're not so bad yourself. Didn't get his number. Darn. Floyd, Hub. We need to put something  together in a big-ass hurry... Where's  Frank --?... Give him a 911. -- and find some kind of beat-up  car... Well, beat it up yourself if  you have to... 896 Commerce St...  it's a garage in Red Hook... but  remember -- -- they're pros. -- all persons without proper  authorization must be off the street  until seven a.m. Failure to comply  will result in immediate arrest. Jesus... We can hit him in less than an hour. Where are you going? FBI --! FBI --! Now... I'm gonna... reach... into my  jacket... and show you... my shield. Drop your weapon --! Sorry, Sir. Somebody's booby-trapping  cars... We're all a little spooked. All Units, report in turn. If talking  will reveal your position, just key  your walkie... Yo... Que Pasa? Tariq around? Tariq? How can I help you. You're Tariq Husseini? He's out. Damn. Do you think you could give  him a message? Of course. Tell him the FBI is after him. You're joking. Very... slowly... put your hands on  top of the table. That wouldn't be a racist epithet,  now would it? Stand up. Where are the others? What others? -- Sir? Do as he says. FREEZE--! Code blue. Code Red. -- just want to know if my client's  name is on the list. Sir, the list will be updated every  twelve hours and posted in the -- There will be a pool briefing for  all accredited journalists at 0700  hours. They got Frankie. My kid's here  someplace -- Frank, slow down -- He's only thirteen, for Chrissake -- I'll get him out. They came into my house. My wife  told them who I was -- How many times did I put it on the  line, Hub --? How many times -- Frank -- We're American citizens, twenty years.  Ten years in the bureau -- They  knocked her down... and took him.  Out of my own house. It's wrong, Frank. What can I say to  you, but it's... all... terribly...  horribly... wrong. Now, come with me. NO! I've got to find him. Besides,  this is where I belong. Here. I'm not their sand nigger  anymore. -- And his name is Haddad? Frank... Haddad. Junior. His father's a Shiite. We're checking  him out. Check this out, pal. His father's a  federal agent for ten years. Don't get in my face, Hubbard. I  might decide you're an Ethiopian. And you're just stupid enough to  think that's an insult. If a mistake's been made we'll fix  it. There is no "if". I'm vouching for  this kid. I want him out. And I said we will look into it. You mean, like you're looking into  me? Surveilling me? Breaking up my  operations? If I'd known I was going  to have to do your job for you I  would never have left the army. There's an FBI office in Anchorage,  Agent Hubbard. Fuck with me and you'll  be learning a hundred and fifty new  words for snow. Tariq Husseini is my prisoner. I  want to see him. The prisoner is being interrogated. I want to see him. How long have you been at it? How much longer, do you think, before  he gives up the other cells -- He can't give up the other cells if  he doesn't know about them. He knows. What about her briefing? The strategy  session -- she said the cells don't  know about each other, that they -- How long before he breaks? So -- what other models do we have -- Shaking. What about it, Sharon? Works for the Israelis. We don't have thirty-six hours. Electric shock? Water? Palestinian authority is producing  good intel using water. Are you people insane --? The time has come for one man to  suffer in order to save the lives of  hundreds How about two men? How about three?  How about public executions, that  might work. You're welcome to wait outside. General... you've lost men, I've  lost men... but what you're doing...  It doesn't work in Belfast. It doesn't  work in Gaza. And it won't work here. -- What if... they don't want their  leader back at all? You said yourself,  we don't even have him. Maybe what  they really want -- is that we herd  our children into stadiums. Put  soldiers into our streets. Radicalize  people who want to think of themselves  as Americans. Bend the law, shred  the constitution. Because if we torture him -- and  let's call it what it is... You...  and I... then the country men like  us have sworn to defend. And bled to  defend. And died to defend... is  gone. And they've won. I think we have to soundproof the  room before we begin. Escort him out. Let's get this over with. C'mon in, we're still trying to get  the last one down. ...The President wants this shit  over with. There's only one way to  do that. Let the Sheik go. So we do have the Sheik? You think our government operates as  a single coherent entity? Devereaux  just... pushed the agenda. Of course the President was completely  unaware of it. Of course. Now we can't just let him go. America  has to stand tall in the world yadda  yadda yadda. So what we do is... We let the American justice system  do its work. I'll be right up, darling. You have kids? They're great.  Sometimes you just want to... drug  them. What do you mean, let the justice  system do its work. We don't release him. A judge releases  him. You're an FBI man. That's what  judges are good at, right? It's not like we've gone after him  in proper prosectorial fashion.  Kidnaping him. Holding him in  isolation. "Fruit of the poisoned  tree" -- remember that one from law  school? Oh, we'll have a big trial.  Everybody'll get their rocks off...  But the fact is -- -- the sheik will walk. ...And this whole episode becomes  nothing more than the news cycle  before the next news cycle. Documentary evidence of Devereaux's  whole operation. Why me? Because you'll know what to do with  it. And what about her? Who? You know who. How much is she  complicit in all this? Ask her. -- But first, you helped them. They were being slaughtered. They  needed to get out. But they were on  the watch list. So you got them visas.  You and Samir. Doing what, exactly? You said you trained them. Tradecraft.  Subversion. That's what you said,  right? Only you left something out, didn't  you... Didn't you, Sharon? You taught them how to make bombs. -- And now they're here, doing what  you taught 'em. -- the people of Brooklyn will not  be held hostage! This afternoon,  join community and religious leaders  in a march to protest the mass arrests -- March on city hall. Today. No fear. Ahhhhhh... He is Afghani. Ahhhh. He got word to  my uncle at the bath-house. You never  met him. Sharon, they are all dead but the  last cell and they are crazy with  fear. Just tell me the message and I  will pass it on. You watch the game? Kannell was really on. Think they'll make the play-offs? How's your boy? He's alright. Thanks for getting him  out. Green is about right. You sure he'll go through with it? I like watching better. Nothing's going wrong. I trust her about as far as I can  throw her. That far? This is not the way to the bath-house.  You said to get a key from my uncle  so that we -- -- North on Ditmas Avenue. Sound garden's ready. Sharon, please, I beg you. Do not  make me do this. If they even dream  we are being followed they will kill  us. What are you doing? "-- that we will not be made afraid  to walk free in this great city. I  say, march across the bridge and  into the stadium. Demand the release  of -- It is all so... tragic. Arab and Jew, side by side. Black  and White, Christian and Muslim -- -- so American. Can you imagine a  better target? Get me Devereaux. They're getting ready to move. Units  1 and 2, on my signal -- What the -- Hi, there, I'm new in town. Can you  direct me to Carnegie Hall, or should  I just go fuck myself -- Ah, microwave. This is an unlawful gathering. You  must disperse. I repeat -- Join together! Join hands! Nervously look at one another as the  marchers begin to move. These soldiers carry live ammunition.  This is your final warning. We've got a problem. What the -- It's a shroud. First she turns off the tv, then she  says it. She knew we were listening. The hammam. They'll be here. What message do you have for them,  Sharon? That's right. There will never be a last cell. You should listen to the young men  in that stadium. It is just beginning. It was the money. You believe money  is power. Belief is power. The world is a wheel. So... what  message do you have for me, Sharon? Praise God. When will he be free --? -- No. No. It's not. I want you to bleed... as we have  bled. Do not speak to me of the Koran,  woman. You take our leader. A holy man. You  put him in prison for preaching the  word of God. You must learn the  consequences of trying to tell the  world how to live. Yes. And they, too, will become its  martyrs. Let her go and you'll live. Move away from the door. Let her go and you'll live -- SAMIR --! YOU WANT TO DIE --!! No way you're going out there. MOVE AWAY --! Shut up. SHUT UP... I... CAN'T --! It is God's will. If there is a God, he weeps at the  crimes we commit in his name. Officer down. OFFICER DOWN --! ...Shhhhhhh... You... knew. Sharon... SHARON -- -- what are you? I don't... "I... seek refuge... king of kings..." Allah Ahkbar -- Amen. I want to talk about a free society. -- "a very moving moment in which  the people of a city step forward to  declare their courage and solidarity -- Agent Hubbard, do you want to tell  me exactly what you mean detaining  Colonel Hardwick and six of my CID  staff. Because that strikes me as a  very peculiar idea of interagency  liaison. The last cell has been taken down.  It was Samir. I took him out. What makes you so sure he was the  last cell? Sharon. Sharon is not trustworthy. Sharon is dead. She gave her life. This is a writ from the US District  Court releasing all those being held  here without habeus corpus. My authority supersedes the civilian  judiciary under the decree of martial  law. Sorry. Your authority ends now. It's all  over. What's over. They're going to release him. Release him? The Sheik. Clear violation of international  law, Congressional oversight statutes,  a couple of treaties, the Federal  perjury statute, and my favorite,  the Logan Act, for conducting your  own personal foreign policy. I know the whole story, General. You don't know shit. Poor suffering  Sharon and her poor suffering people.  It's called "going native" -- the  most elementary error of an  intelligence operative and she made  it. She had all of you working for  her and she was working for them  without even knowing it. And now  they're getting exactly what they  want, which is the Sheik will be  back in the mix. But ten times as  strong, because now he's the big man  who stood up to the Americans. I did what was necessary. I make no  apologies. If you think you're going  to be able to use that file against  me, you know even less about politics  than I imagined. General. I'm not in politics. You  can have this back. I won't use it. Because you don't have the balls. Did you expect me to get all weepy  with gratitude? You serve your  country. Is there anything else? I said I wasn't in politics. I'm  not. I'm in law enforcement. William Devereaux, you are under  arrest for the torture and murder of  Tariq Husseini under color of  authority, United States Code Title  42, Chapter 21, Subchapter 1, Sections Did we win or did we lose --? 