Bye. No... I want to stay with you... Anij! If you want to know 'what it's like to be a child', you need to learn how to play... Why not...? Data... haven't you ever just played... for fun? Because you're it. And if you tag me... then I'm it. Chase me! No, I mean... Do machines ever play? But you've never had adults telling you what to do all the time... or bedtimes... or having to eat food you don't like... Sometimes I do. For one thing, your legs are shorter than everyone else's. Really? I can't imagine what it would be like to be a machine. Don't you ever get tired? I know why. So people like us won't be afraid of you any more. Not everyone here agrees with him. I mean, you know, about machines. There was even a big fight about it once. Do you like being a machine? I don't. My father told me I shouldn't talk to you. You're what? The artificial lifeform was right? Won't he rust? Can he breathe under water?Not at all. They're fine... in fact, they're better than fine. Increased metabolism, high energy, improved muscle tone. We should all be so lucky. They all have slightly elevated levels of endorphin production... probably the result of the environmental anomalies here... Captain, the Son'a hostages declined to be examined. I had them confined to quarters. Safer than leaving her here. She's stabilizing. Yes. But look at this medscan... They should be quarantined before joining the ship's population. Your Captain used to cut quite a rug... Sure it is. And your hair is still chestnut brown. You either need a new uniform or a new neck.I have to go home now. It is safer there. I will join you shortly. Tournel will take you the rest of the way... No one's ever asked me that before. Androids... don't have...fun. But I can run much faster than you... I am capable of exceeding forty-seven meters per second... For what purpose? I play the violin... and my chess routines are quite advanced... I would gladly accept the requirement of a bedtime in exchange for knowing what it is like to be a child. My legs are eighty-seven-point- two centimeters. They were eighty-seven-point-two centimeters the day I was created. They will be eighty- seven-point-two centimeters the day I go off line. My operation depends on specifications that do not change. I... cannot imagine... the experience of growing up or even tripping over my own feet... But they are in a constant state of growth. Do you find it difficult to adapt? A child's specifications are never the same from one moment to the next. I am surprised that you do not... trip over your own feet. Really. Perhaps it would surprise you to know that I have often tried to imagine what it would be like to be a child... My power cells continually re- charge themselves. Perhaps, that is true. I aspire to be more than I am. I understand. I am better. There is no need for concern. I am operating within normal parameters now. I believe it is safe, sir. I'm showing fresh air behind this calcite formation, Captain... Another forty-three people reported taken, sir... Captain, I've activated transport inhibitors around the village... Why would the Federation or the Son'a wish to move the Ba'ku? ... it is conceivable I was shot to protect the secret of its existence. Incomplete, I might add. It is clearly Federation in origin, Captain. Tricorder functions are limited due to heavy deposits of kelbonite in these hills... And I do not believe I made a very good first impression. ... I am the personification of everything they have rejected. I believe the boy is... afraid... of me. I was in an isolation suit collecting physiometric data on Ba'ku children. My last memory is going into the hills, following a boy... 'his nose should pant and his lip should curl...' Yes... that looks like them. Captain, Geordi...?If you begin the procedure while the planet is still populated, the Federation will pursue you until... It is over. We're taking this ship out of here... this mission is over... You're not going to launch anything until... I'll order Riker to turn around. That is not an acceptable option. If people get hurt, all the support we have in the Federation... Take me down. Let me talk to Picard. He's right. Our shields have been upgraded to protect against the environmental anomalies... I know what Data means to Starfleet, Jean-Luc... but our crew is at the mercy of those people on the planet... I prefer to wait until we can share the benefits with all the people of the Federation... Another time. Our procedures were in place to protect the planet's population from unnecessary risk... There's nothing further to be gained from this... Order them to surrender, and I promise you won't be court- martialed. We are only moving six hundred people, Jean-Luc. It would take ten years of normal exposure to begin to reverse their condition. Some of them won't survive that long. Besides, they don't want to live in the middle of The Briar Patch... who would? Our best scientific minds already have. We can't find any other way to do this. The concentration in the rings is what makes the whole damned thing work. Don't ask me to explain it. I only know they inject something into the rings that starts a thermolytic reaction. After it's over, the planet will be unlivable for generations. With metaphasics, lifespans will be doubled... an entire new medical science will evolve... I understand your Chief Engineer has the use of his eyes for the first time in his life... would you take his sight away from him? On Earth, petroleum once turned petty thugs into world leaders. Warp drive transformed a bunch of Romulan thugs into an empire. We can handle the Son'a, I'm not worried about that... Right. We have the planet and they have the technology -- a technology we can't duplicate. You know what that makes us? Their partners. There are six hundred people down there. We'll be able to use the regenerative properties of this radiation to help billions. The Son'a have developed a procedure to collect the metaphasic particles form the planets rings... The Prime Directive doesn't apply. These people are not indigenous to this world. They were never meant to be immortal. We'll simply be restoring their natural evolution. I'm acting on orders form the Federation Council. That's why we put chromodynamic shields in place - so our people wouldn't feel the effects from the metaphasic radiation... You're looking well, Jean-Luc. Rested. Just a few loose ends to tie up. Dougherty out. I'll need all your paperwork tomorrow. We're heading back your way. Set a course to rendezvous with us so you can transfer the crew and equipment on your way out. You've done a terrific job, Jean- Luc. Now, pack your bags and get the hell out of there. How's Data? Good luck. Dougherty out. All right. You have twelve hours, Captain. Then I want you out of The Briar Patch. In the meantime, we'll be heading out to the perimeter to call for Son'a reinforcements in case you fail. I wish I had better news. Commander Data attacked us in the mission scout ship yesterday. Ru'afo and I have decided to send in an assault team... Captain, I wasn't expecting you. We haven't fully identified the anomalies yet. They're calling this whole area The Briar Patch... it took us a day to reach a location where we could get a signal out to you. Just get me Data's schematics. I'll keep you informed. Dougherty out. That's probably not a good idea. Your ship hasn't been fitted for this region; there are environmental concerns... ... And now he's holding our people hostage down there...The "mighty" Federation could learn a few things from this village... But I have three hundred and eighteen days of vacation time coming. I plan on using them. I thought it might begin the healing process. You've brought the Federation into the middle of a blood feud, Admiral. The children have returned to expel their elders... just as they were once expelled. Except Ru'afo's need for revenge has now escalated to parricide. This way! I should warn you... I've always been attracted to older women... How is it a woman like you never married? And don't tell me you "just haven't gotten around to it yet"... By now the Son'a have scanned the area and know that just as well as we do. Roughly translated: puberty... although for a Klingon that's not doing it justice... Any severe mood swings, unusual aggressive tendencies -- be sure to let me know right away... We can hold them off a long time... once we get there... But they will not make it easy to get there... When we're forced away by the terrain, we'll use transport inhibitors to compensate. The mountains have the highest concentrations. Once we're there, transport will be virtually impossible... ... an offlander? There's one thing I don't understand. In three hundred years...you never learned to swim? I wish I could spare a few centuries to learn. Seeing my home planet from space for the first time... A perfect moment? Will it? An apprentice for thirty years. We've noticed your people's mental discipline. Did that develop here? The craftsmanship is extraordinary. You give me more credit than I deserve. Of course, I'm tempted. Who wouldn't be? But some of the blackest marks in the history of my world have involved the forced relocation of a small group of people to satisfy the demands of a larger one. I'd like to believe we learn from our mistakes. Obviously, some of us haven't. In defense of offlanders, there are many more like me... There are days. Most of my people who live that faster pace would sell their souls to slow it down. Clearly, the architects of this conspiracy have tried to keep it a secret. Not just from you, but from my people as well. I don't intend to let them. We've... just begun to. I suppose you're seventy-five. Don't panic... To move you off this planet. You go to sleep one night in your village... wake up the next morning in this flying holodeck transported en masse. A week later, maybe a month, you've been relocated on a similar planet without ever realizing it. Data, if you were following the boy and discovered this ship... I don't like to leave questions unanswered. I understand how you feel. We just want to retrace Data's movements that day... You have warp capability? If I were in your shoes, I'd feel the same way after what happened. The 'artificial lifeform' is a member of my crew. Apparently, he became... ill... My people have a strict policy of non-interference with other cultures. In fact, it's our Prime Directive. We were under the impression they were being held against their will. If not for Data, you'd probably have been re-located by now. To many offlanders, what you have here would be more valuable than gold-pressed latinum. And I'm afraid it's the reason that someone is trying to take this world away from you. No. Data doesn't breathe. Is it safe to move her? Will he live? Prepare to transport the 'hostages' to the ship... Very funny... 'Yew-cheen chef-faw'... My collar size is exactly the same as it was at the Academy. Will the structure hold if we blast through? How many? Good. Let's begin to move these people out... I don't know. What possible purpose could a duplicate village have except... to deceive the Ba'ku... What you're seeing is a computer driven image created by photons and forcefields... 'Just a few loose ends to tie up.' A ship, How about a passive radiation scan? Until this week, that young man probably never saw a machine, let alone one that walks and talks... It's nothing personal data. You have to remember these people have rejected technology. And you... From the mission... What's the last thing you remember, Data... You're aboard the Enterprise. Hello, Data... I wonder... which one of us will be facing that court-martial... If a court-martial is the only way to tell the people of the Federation what happened here, then I welcome it. How many people would it take... before it becomes wrong? A thousand? Fifty thousand. A million? We are betraying the principles upon which the Federation was founded... this is an attack on the very soul of the Federation. This will destroy the Ba'ku. Just as cultures have been destroyed in every other forced relocation throughout history. The Ba'ku. Then the Son'a can establish a separate colony on this planet until we do... Delay the procedure. Let my people look at the technology. There are metaphasic particles all over The Briar Patch. Why must this planet be... Someone probably said the same thing about the Romulans a century ago. Our partners are nothing more than petty thugs. A planet in Federation space... Who are we to decide the next course of evolution for these people? How can there be an order to abandon the Prime Directive...? ... or understand that they were participating in the outright theft of a world. I won't let you move them, Admiral. I'll go to the Federation Council... Your "Briar Patch" turned out to be more hospitable than I expected. You're not finished here? In stasis. La Forge is completing the diagnostic. ... and because they have warp capabilities, the consequences to their society are minimal... Understood. Sir, Commander Worf and I have been working on several tactical plans to safely... This was too important for the Enterprise to be on the sidelines, Admiral... What kind of concerns? The Enterprise can be at your position in two days, Admiral... You have no idea what precipitated his behavior? Scan for lifesigns. What if he doesn't realize something's happening... Can you get me to a transmitter? I have to speak with Worf and Data on the surface... we'll need their help... If we could lure him away from the bridge... Do you know how to disable the injector? I'm not begging for my life. I'm begging for yours. There is still a way home, Gal'na. A coward... without the moral courage to stop an unspeakable atrocity. You offend me. ... had regenerated. Implants bothering you? And yet he attacked us. And told the Ba'ku we were a threat... So, you're saying he still knew the difference between right and wrong. Fail-safe? Why would they fire at him without provocation? The Son'a reports claim they didn't fire until after he malfunctioned. Do you know how they were damaged? When I was an ensign, I could detect a three-micron mis- alignment... Do you have everything you need from command? Are they...? I want our guests to depart as quickly a etiquette allows. I'll ask Worf to delay his return to DS9 so he can join us. We're going to stop by sector four-four- one on our way to the Goren system. Top level review, my ass. There'll be no cover-up of this. Not after I get... There's a short letter I left you all, just some... sentimental nonsense... the computer will bring it to your attention at oh- four-hundred... I'd just as soon you delete it... Go back to your quarters That's an order. Prepare the ship for departure at oh-seven-hundred hours. Deck five. We're not going anywhere. So where are the 'environmental concerns' the Admiral was talking about? We won't be able to go any faster than one-third impulse in that muck... Who is it? 'Yew-cheen chef-faw.' ... so they need us to put out one more brush fire. Anyone remember when we used to be explorers? We can't delay the archaeological expedition to Hanoran Two. It would put us into the middle of monsoon season... Ask them. You've not aged a day since then? No, we're here to... rescue them. Jean-Luc Picard... my officers Doctor Crusher and Counselor Troi. I understand. Tell Doctor Crusher to have a hypospray of lectrazine ready... Worf, you must hurry... Yes... yes, I... can hear you... We'll skip the court martial this time... Picard out. Slow to impulse. We're on our way. Is there any other way to disable the injector? Can you beam him off? Decloak the holo-ship and engage a tractor beam, Mister Worf. We have to find shelter... Very well. We'll take an hour. Break out some rations... You need a haircut, Commander. No. We'll be responsible for that, Mister Worf. Picard to Crusher... Gorch? Debrief them again. Have you been in a fight, Commander? Did any of the hostages mention a cloaked ship during their debriefings? Transferring controls to manual. I'm not letting go of him. They're composers, Worf, from the nineteenth century. Data was rehearsing a part in H.M.S. Pinafore before he left... "A British tar is a soaring soul, As free as a mountain bird, His energetic first should be ready to resist A dictatorial word..." Do you know Gilbert and Sullivan? Evasive maneuvers... heading one- four-zero mark three-one... Prepare to enter the atmosphere... we'll use the ionospheric boundary to shake him... Beam him out! Make it so. Hmm? Oh, it's just something my mother used to... Come out, come out wherever you are... The metaphasic radiation in those rings is in a state of extreme flux. Steer clear of them, Mister Worf... Transmit a wide band co-variant signal. That'll get his attention. It's good to have you back, Worf. Slow to one-third. Take us in. Worf, what the hell are you doing here? Counselor? You have two days to become experts... Mister Worf, your job and mine will be to find a plan to safely capture Data. Better have the chef whip up a light balsamic vinaigrette... something that goes well with chrysanthemums... Say the greeting again...Very good, Doctor. Picard out. Are they in any danger? And our people?That's your expert opinion? Will that stop the tear? If we don't outrun them, the manifolds are going to be the only thing left of this ship. Full impulse. A photon torpedo. Isn't that the universal greeting when communications are down? It's our only way out of here, Mister Nara. The purpose being I intend to shove it down the Son'a's throat. Eject the core. On screen. Why not? Blow out the ramscoop. Stand by full thrusters. We're through running from these bastards. Remind me to lodge a protest... Yes, we do. You're relieved, Ensign. Take over at Ops. What's inside that nebula cluster? How long 'til they reach us? The Council has ordered a halt to the Ba'ku relocation while they conduct a top-level review. Fat chance. I'll post it on every monitor on the ship... You must be planning on doing some hunting. Aye, sir. You Klingons never do anything small, do you... Admiral Dougherty wants to know why we haven't left yet... The only unusual readings were low levels of metaphasic radiation from interstellar dust across the region... Nothing dangerous turned up in the astrometric survey... ... and gorgonzolla cheese. Commander Riker... Deck ten. The Diplomatic Corps is busy with Dominion negotiations. They need us to mediate some territorial dispute... All hands. Battle stations! Augh? What I need, I can't get from Doctor Crusher... Counselor, do you think it's possible for two people to go back in time to fix a mistake they've made? ... I'm not sleeping well... Both. I think I'm having a mid-life crisis... Or you could try lying down. But it's comfortable. Got a minute? I... need a little counseling. First time for everything. Do I... lie down... or what? If that's true, they're a dying race. It says here that some form of genetic damage has apparently prevented the Son'a from procreating... What you're doing to my neck... You haven't done that in a long time... Good question. You're in luck... it says here they've taken women from several races as indentured servants. Nomadic, collectors of precious metals, jewels... Wine, women and song. I don't see anything to suggest the Son'a have any interest in sociology... Why was Data assigned?If it works you mean. Negative. I want to use the ramscoop to collect as much of it as we can... Options?I'm afraid there's too much bitterness... on both sides. I wish there was a way to bring them back home. Actually, I was a good deal older when we arrived... in terms of my physical condition. We came here from a solar system on the verge of self- annihilation... where technology had created weapons that threatened to destroy all life. A small group of us set off to find a new home... a home that would be isolated from the threats of other worlds. That was three hundred and nine years ago. As you wish. But I would ask you to disarm yourselves. This village is a sanctuary of life. Would you like something to eat? My name is Sojef, Captain.They must have been locked and secured after we were beamed here. All ship functions are off-line. Sir, I am not showing any change in metaphasic flux levels... Activating injector assembly.Negative. He's established a security field around the control room... One. It's Ru'afo. All injector sub-systems are confirmed off-line. Isolinear tags. Their transporters can lock onto them. The Ba'ku could use some rest, sir. According to the geo-scan, this may be the safest area for the next few kilometers... Accelerated hair growth is often experienced by Klingons during Jak'tahla... Should I distribute phasers to the Ba'ku, sir...? Doctor Crusher asked to talk to you when you returned... No, sir. It is a gorch. No, sir... The damping sequencer was damaged by phaser fire! Sir, inertial coupling is exceeding tolerance... if we don't release him, he may destroy both vessels... No, sir. I haven't had a chance to meet all the new crew members since I've been back... Scanners are off line! He's activated a transport inhibitor. Direct hit. He's resetting his shield harmonics... Sir, if we fire a tachyon burst, it may force him to reset his shield harmonics. When he does, we could beam him out... Sir? He might be using the planet's rings to mask his approach. Sensors are not picking up any ships coming from the surface... I've already modified a tricorder with one of his spare actuation servos. Its operational range is only seven meters but it should shut him down... Captain...We're coming as fast as we can... we can't risk using phasers... We're trying to get to you, sir... Worf to Picard... I... I must have slept through my alarm. I'm on my way... Bridge to Captain Picard. We are approaching sector four-four-one.