You're not FBI agents. We don't even know you. Not supposed to talk about it. Yeah.Me? You called 911. Except the call was intercepted. They gave you a craniotomy to relieve the pressure from a subdural hematoma. But you've been unconscious since they brought you in. You were shot in the head. The bullet broke the flesh on your right brow and glanced off your temporal plate.They seemed to buy our story about the Hanta virus. You'll make sure the families are taken care of financially, along with a sizeable donation to the community. Maybe a small roadside memorial. Tell them he was trying to save the young boy's life, and that he died heroically like the other firemen. Incinerate it. Like the others. No. No...we need to try our vaccine on it. How can this be? This man's still alive. Brought on by what? You've got something to show me. Kurtzweil, we think. Mulder was in Dallas when we were trying to dispose of evidence. He's gone back there again. Someone has tipped him. There are complications. Its effect on the host has changed. The virus no longer just invades the brain as a controlling organism. It's developed a way to modify the host body. Strughold. He's just gotten on a plane in Tunis. We have a situation. The members are assembling.You want a call if we turn up Kurtzweil? You looking for him for some other reason? Selling naked pictures of little kids over his computer. Feds are looking for him, too. Real nice business he's got, huh? Looking for him for what? You got some kind of business with him?Show you right on a map. No. Just fossils, far as I know. Some bone fragments came up in the sift this morning. We thought there'd been another fatality, but we found out FEMA had recovered them from an archeological site out of town. We weren't expecting to find those remains, of course. They went right off to Washington.And why do you think it is you're standing here talking to me? These people don't make mistakes, Agent Mulder. You'd be shit out of luck if not for me. You saw what you saw because I led you to it. I'm putting my ass on the line for you. I told you -- he and I were old friends -- I've been using you?! Yeah, well I don't have them all. That would be my guess. What do you think? -- You saw this experiment? What? You found something? You can't. Something's gone wrong -- something unanticipated. Go back to Dallas and dig. Or you're only going to find out like the rest of the country, Agent Mulder. When it's too late. I think you know. The timetable has been set. It will happen on a holiday, when people are away from their homes. When our elected officials are at their resorts or out of the country. The President will declare a state of emergency, at which time all federal agencies, all government will come under the power of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. FEMA, Agent Mulder. The secret government. The plague to end all plagues, Agent Mulder. A silent weapon for a quiet war. The systematic release of an indiscriminate organism for which the men who will bring it on still have no cure. They've been working on this for fifty years. While the rest of the world was fighting gooks and commies these men have been secretly negotiating a planned Armageddon. What killed those men can't be identified in simple medical terms. My god, we can't even wrap our minds around something as obvious as HIV. We have no context for what killed those men, or any appreciation of the scale in which it will be unleashed in the future. Of how it will be transmitted; of the environmental factors involved. What killed them I won't even write about. I tell you, they'd do more than just harass me. They have the future to protect. When we were young men in the military, your father and I were recruited for a project. They told us it was biological warfare. A virus. There were rumors about its origins. And are you familiar with FEMA? What the Federal Emergency Management Agency's real power is? FEMA allows the White House to suspend constitutional government upon declaration of a national emergency. To create a non-elected government. Think about that. What is an agency with such broad sweeping power doing managing a small viral outbreak in suburban Texas? According to the newspaper, FEMA had been called out to manage an outbreak of the Hanta virus. Are you familiar with the Hanta virus, Agent Mulder? I picked up the historical document of the venality and hypocrisy of the American government. The daily newspaper. I was right about Dallas. Wasn't I, Agent Mulder? I don't either, but it sure sells books. You know my work? For what? Because I'm a dangerous man. Because I know too much about the truth. What is it? Kiddie porn again? Sexual battery of a patient? I've had my license taken away in three states. See this bullshit...? Somebody knows I'm talking to you. Do you? And one little boy. Michaud was a patriot. The men he's loyal to know their way around Dallas. They blew that building to hide something. Maybe something even they couldn't predict. That's what I'm saying. Those people were already dead. No. They put the bomb in the building across the street because it DID have federal offices. The Federal Emergency Management Agency had a provisional medical quarantine office there. Which is where the bodies were found. But that's the thing... What's the question nobody's asking? Why that building? Why not the Federal Building? S.A.C. Darius Michaud never tried or intended to defuse the bomb. I came on my own. After reading about the bombing in Dallas. I'm a doctor, but I think I mentioned that. OB-GYN. Heard you come here now and again. Figured you'd be needing a little drinky tonight. Old friend of your father's. My name's Kurtzweil. Dr. Alvin Kurtzweil. Yeah, I did. No. I've been watching your career for a good while. Back when you were just a promising young agent -- before that. Standing around holding your yank while bombs are exploding.Sorry. Don't have one. Does what? What do I do. I'm a key figure in an ongoing government charade. An annoyance to my superiors. A joke among my peers. "Spooky," they call me. Spooky Mulder. Whose sister was abducted by aliens when he was a kid. Who now chases little green men with a badge and a gun, shouting to the heavens and anyone who'll listen that the fix is in. That our government's hip to the truth and a part of the conspiracy. That the sky is falling and when it hits it's gonna be the shitstorm of all time. Yup. I need your clothes, Byers. They took her -- Scully had a violent reaction to a bee sting -- When was that? Penetration but not perforation. What am I doing here? No. Don't bother. Yeah, I had an appointment for a pelvic examination. What's that? I'm looking for him. Is this Dr. Kurtzweil's residence? You said you knew the location of the archeological site where these were found. Have you examined them? Was there anything in those offices that didn't go to D.C.? I'm looking for anything out of the ordinary. Maybe something from the FEMA offices where the bodies were found. Your ass? I just got chased across Texas by two black helicopters. You're a liar. You lied to me to gather information for you. For your goddamn books. Didn't you? You didn't know my father -- You've been using me -- You told me you had answers. Your guess? A transportation system. Transgenic crops. The pollen genetically altered to carry a virus. What did it look like? I'm not sure. A virus -- Yes. On the Texas border. Some kind of experiment. Something they excavated was brought there in tanker trucks. How can I reach you? And they tell me I'm paranoid. Negotiating with whom? A plague? I'll know soon enough. What killed those men? What was it? Are you saying it wasn't such a small outbreak? It was a deadly virus spread by field mice in the Southwest U.S. several years ago. You said the firemen and the boy were found in the temporary offices of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Why? How? Dr. Kurtzweil, I'm not interested in bigoted ideas about race or genocide. I don't believe in the Elders of Zion, the Knights Templar, the Bilderburg Group or in a oneworld Jew run government -- You mean that apocalyptic trash you write? I knew your name was familiar. I just didn't know why. They want to discredit you -- for what? Not according to the men in blue. I think you're full of shit. You're saying they destroyed an entire building to hide the bodies of three firemen...? Michaud was a twenty-two year veteran of the bureau -- Before the bomb went off? The Federal Building was too well guarded. He just let it explode. And what's that? Well, if you've got something to tell me, you've got as long as it takes me to hail a cab... Who sent you? You a reporter? How'd you find me? I know the name. Why? You follow me out here for a reason? Do I know you? How's that? Yes you can. You're going to make it, Scully. You got me. But I think I know what they did with Jimmy Hoffa. We've got to keep moving. Hang on. I'm going to get you out of here. Scully -- I think you're in anaphylactic shock -- Scully... What? What happened? You saved me, Scully. As different and frustrating as it's been sometimes, your goddamn strict rationalism and science have saved me a thousand times; have kept me honest and made me whole. I owe you so much, Scully, and you owe me nothing. I don't want to do this without you. I don't know if I can. If I quit now, they win. I need you on this, Scully -- Just like that -- After what you saw last night -- after all you've seen -- you can't just walk away -- We're close to something here -- we're on the verge -- You can't quit, Scully. What? What's wrong? I don't know. Come on! Run. Scully....? Maybe. Maybe not. You hear that? For the purpose of what? Not unless those are giant Jiffy Pop containers out there. Very weird. I have no idea. Been where? It may be extraterrestrial. This virus -- it... Yeah, well they may this one. That bomb in Dallas was allowed to go off, to hide something: bodies infected with a virus you detected yourself. We're not chasing trucks, we're chasing evidence -- What? Hey, I was right about the bomb, wasn't I? You think they went left? Where would they be going? What are my choices? And where are they going with it? Unmarked tanker trucks... what are archaeologists hauling out in tanker trucks? No irrigation system. Somebody's covering their tracks. Ground's dry about an inch down. Somebody just laid this down. Very recently, I'd say. This looks like new grass to you? And you've never seen anything like that? You're sure the fossils you looked at showed the same signs of deterioration you saw in the fireman's body in the morgue? This is where he marked on the map, Scully. Where he says those fossils were unearthed. How was it contracted? What did you find? You said you weren't coming? -- I'll have you back for it, Scully. Maybe with evidence that could blow that meeting away. I need you there with me. I need your expertise on this. The bomb we found was meant to destroy those bodies and whatever they were infected by. Scully -- listen to me. I'm going home, then I'm booking a flight to Dallas. I'm getting you a ticket, too. What kind of infection? What did you find? Why are you whispering? We're being blamed for these deaths. Scully, I want to know what this man died of. Don't you? I don't know. But I have a hunch what you're going to find here isn't anything that can be categorized or easily referenced. I'd been told as much. You're telling me the cause of death on the report is false. That this man didn't die from an explosion, or from flying debris. It's like jelly. According to this tag. Just get dressed. I'll explain on the way. Get dressed, Scully. Is that what you'd like me to do? What are you implying, Scully? I was until about an hour ago. Why not? It's three AM. I wake you? You're... quitting? This isn't about you, Scully. They're doing this to me. They were the ones that put us together. Why? What? What are you talking about? They're trying to divide us on this, Scully. We can't let them. Whatever you told them in there, you don't have to protect me. Something's not right... Scully? ...thirteen fifty six... Thirteen fifty nine, thirteen fifty eight, thirteen fifty seven... Scully, get somebody to open this door. I'm in the vending room. Scully, I found the bomb. Alright... what'll it be: Coke, Pepsi? A saline IV? Panic? Have you ever seen me panic, Scully? No you didn't. It's locked? What do you say we call in a bomb threat for Houston. I think it's free beer night at the Astrodome. How's that? The element of surprise, Scully. Random acts of unpredictability. If we fail to anticipate the unforeseen or expect the unexpected in a universe of infinite possibilities, we find ourselves at the mercy of anyone or anything that cannot be programmed, categorized or easily referenced... What happened to playing a hunch? I think they have that covered. You're looking for a bomb. What's wrong, Scully? Did you find something? Where are you, Scully? Thank you. They can patch you in through the switchboard. Well, call General McAddie. General McAddie is who requested our coming here. We were awakened at three AM and told to get down here immediately. On whose orders? We're going to the morgue. I've got to find Scully. Are we being watched? How deep does this go? Whoever they are -- this goes right back to Dallas -- it goes right back to the bombing -- Where's Scully?! I breached protocol. I broke contact with the S.A.C. I ignored a primary tactical rule and left him alone with the device. -- if they want someone to blame, they can blame me. Agent Scully doesn't deserve this. But it's not the lives we saved. It's the lives we didn't. And they want to blame us? She was with me. About what? What about you? What alien environment? How? Let me out. Stop the car. Where is he? What happened to Kurtzweil? Why are you telling me this? But... he sacrificed his own daughter. My sister, Samantha. That's why you bombed the building. The infected firemen, the boy -- What do you mean, walked? This is what you've been conspiring to conceal? A disease? A virus? You're lying. What is it? I want to know where Scully is. About the conspiracy? Is she alive? Where's Scully? What happened to Kurtzweil?What are you doing? I'm not taking any chances. I don't know. I know. Agent Scully reported your suspicions to OPR. On the basis of her report, I sent techs over to S.A.C. Michaud's apartment. They picked up PSTN residues on his personal effects consistent with the construction of the vending machine device in Dallas. She's missing. We've been unable to locate her or the vehicle they took her in. Agent Mulder -- Agent Scully says it was she who ordered you out of the building. That you wanted to go back. She's in there right now saying the same thing about you. -- if it looks bad, it's bad for the FBI -- Agent Mulder -- we both know that if you and Agent Scully hadn't taken the initiative to search the adjacent building, you could have multiplied the fatalities by a hundred -- You don't see what's going on here, do you? There's four hundred million dollars in damage to the city of Dallas. Lives have been lost. No suspects have been named. So the story being shaped is this could have been prevented. That the FBI didn't do its job. -- They're asking her for a narrative. They want to know why she was in the wrong building. Sit down, they're still talking to Agent Scully.Who? Do they know? My lateness may have well been absence. A course has already been taken. Into what? Who called this meeting? Is it an emergency? Yes. My life is over. Go. Find Agent Scully. Save her. Only her science can save the future. The vaccine you hold is the only defense against the virus. Its introduction into an alien environment may have the power to destroy the delicate plans we've so assiduously protected for the last fifty years. Or it may not. You have precious little time. What I've given you the alien colonists have no idea exists. You hold in your hand the power to end the project. Driver. Dr. Kurtzweil is in the trunk. As your father knew, things need to be sacrificed to the future. I thought it only fair you should know, given how hard you've worked. The only true survivors of the viral holocaust will be those immune to it: those vaccinated against it and human/alien hybrids. Your father arranged for your sister's abduction. He allowed her to be taken to an alien hybrid program, so that she would survive. As a clone. He had different hopes for you. That you would uncover the truth about the Project. That you would stop it. That you would fight the future. Imagine our surprise when they began to gestate. My group has been working cooperatively with the alien colonists, facilitating their programs. To give us access to the virus. In false hope we might be able to secretly find a cure. So that we might save ourselves, as the last of the species. Your father wisely refused to believe this, choosing hope over selfishness. Hope is the only future he had: his children, The only future any of us have. Until Dallas, we believed the virus was simply a controlling organism. That mass infection would make us a slave race. Your aliens, Agent Mulder, your little green men, first landed here millions of years ago. Those that didn't leave have been laying dormant underground since the last Ice Age. In the form of an evolved pathogen. Waiting to be reconstituted when the alien race from which it came returns to colonize the planet. Using us as hosts. Against this we have no defense. Nothing but a weak vaccine. Do you see why it was kept secret? Why even the best men -- men like your father -- could not let the truth be known? Aids, the ebola virus -- on the evolutionary scale they are newborns. This virus walked the planet long before the dinosaurs. No! For God sake you've got it all backwards. A simple, unstoppable lifeform. What is a virus but a colonizing force that cannot be defeated? Living in a cave, underground, until it mutates. And attacks. No. Though I have no way to prove otherwise. The virus is extraterrestrial. We know very little about it, except that it is the original inhabitant of this planet. A weak vaccine against the virus Agent Scully has been infected with. It must be administered with ninety six hours. I think of it as an agreement. A word your father liked to use. I'm quite prepared to tell you everything, though there isn't much you haven't guessed. Yes. I have answers for you. He's come and gone. Mr. Mulder. No, you need only take away what is most precious to him. You can't kill Mulder. He's got too much light on him. No one believes Kurtzweil or his books. He's a toiler. A crank. Our vaccine may have no effect! And if it doesn't? By cooperating now we're but beggars to our demise! Our ignorance was in cooperating with the Colonists at all. In hope of what? Learning that it's true?! That we are nothing more than digestives for the creation of a new race of alien lifeforms?! This isn't Colonization, it's spontaneous repopulation. All our work... if it's true, then they've been using us all along. We've been laboring under a lie! My god... More concerns than that? I'm sorry. My grandson fell and broke his leg.Why don't you go on ahead head and I'll confirm authorization. I don't have his number. I don't know anything about that. General McAddie's. That area is currently off limits to anyone other than authorized medical personnel.