Just, uh, just slip the rent under my door. Dude, uh, tomorrow is already the tenth. Dude, I finally got the venue I wanted. I'm Performing my dance quintet--you know, my cycle--at Crane Jackson's Fountain Street Theatre on Tuesday night, and I'd love it if you came and gave me notes.You're not dealing with morons here. And we know which Lebowski you are, Lebowski. What do you think? Wasn't this guy supposed to be a millionaire?Visiting friends of hers in Palm Springs. Just picked up and left, never bothered to tell us. That had not occurred to us, Dude. This is our concern, Dude. Her life is in your hands, Dude. And report back to us as soon as it's done. Mr. Lebowski asked me to repeat that: Her life is in your hands. Her life is in your hands. Here's the money, and the phone. Please, Dude, follow whatever instructions they give. They called about eighty minutes ago. They want you to take the money and drive north on the 4 5. They'll call you on the portable phone with instructions in about forty minutes. One person only or I'd go with you. They were very clear on that: one person only. What happened to your jaw? Well Dude, we just don't know. He suspects that the culprits might be the very people who, uh, soiled your rug, and you're in a unique position to confirm or, uh, disconfirm that suspicion. Mr. Lebowski is prepared to make a generous offer to you to act as courier once we get instructions for the money. We've had some terrible news. Mr. Lebowski is in seclusion in the West Wing. Well, enjoy, and perhaps we'll see you again some time, Dude. Manolo will load it into your car for you, uh, Dude.Mr. Treehorn draws a lot of water in this town, Lebowski. You don't draw shit. We got a nice quiet beach community here, and I aim to keep it nice and quiet. So let me make something plain. I don't like you sucking around bothering our citizens, Lebowski. I don't like your jerk- off name, I don't like your jerk-off face, I don't like your jerk- off behavior, and I don't like you, jerk- off --do I make myself clear? Mr. Treehorn tells us that he had to eject you from his garden party, that you were drunk and abusive. What are you, some kind of sad-assed refugee from the fucking sixties? You don't know shit, Lebowski.Well maybe you and me could pool our resources--trade information-- professional courtesy--compeers, you know-- Fuck, man! That's terrible! Crazy, huh? Ran away a year ago. The Gundersons. It's a wandering daughter job. Bunny Lebowski, man. Her real name is Fawn Gunderson. Her parents want her back. The Gundersons. Hey, man, I'm not-- Hey hey, I'm not messing with your special lady-- A dick, man! And let me tell you something: I dig your work. Playing one side against the other--in bed with everybody--fabulous stuff, man.NUSSING! I FUCK YOU! I FUCK YOU! VEE FUCK YOU UP, MAN! VEE FUCK YOU UP, MAN! VEE TAKE YOUR MONEY! Okay. Vee take ze money you haf on you und vee call it eefen. Zere ARE no ROOLZ!That is our most modestly priced receptacle. Sir, please lower your voice-- Sir, this is a mortuary, not a rental house. Yes. I understand you're taking away the remains. Excuse me? They range up to three thousand. Yes sir. It is our most modestly priced receptacle. Yes, so we were informed. However, we must of course transmit the remains to you in a receptacle. That is for the urn. We have the urn.I got eighteen dollars, Dude. Your phone's ringing, Dude. Where you going, Dude? Sheesh. Yeah Dude, why is Walter so pissed off? I am the Walrus. What do you mean, Dude? His name is Lebowski? That's your name, Dude! And this guy peed on it. What the fuck is he talking about? Are they gonna hurt us, Walter? Who's in pyjamas, Walter? We'll be near the In-and-Out Burger. Those are good burgers, Walter. What do you need that for, Dude? Well-- No-- Uh-huh. They were Nazis, Dude? And then they're gonna stamp on it?! Who has your undies, Walter? Walter, if you can't ride in a car, how d'you get around on Shammas-- Oh yeah, how'd it go? What's that, Walter? How come you don't roll on Saturday, Walter? It's already posted. Burkhalter. This Saturday. Quintana and-- They posted the next round of the tournament-- What the fuck is he talking about? I am the Walrus. What's wrong with Walter, Dude? If what's during league play? What's a pederast, Walter? He peed on the Dude's rug-- Yeah Walter, what's your point? I was bowling-- What-- What tied the room together, Dude?That's it! Outta this fucking cab! I pull over and kick your ass out, man! Fuck you man! You don't like my fucking music, get your own fucking cab! --So he says, "My son can't hold a job, my daughter's married to a fuckin' loser, and I got a rash on my ass so bad I can't hardly siddown. But you know me. I can't complain."Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah I know. Okay. Sure Allan, I'll be there. Hiya Allan. But I guess she told Dieter. Where'd she been? Well, okay, you're not privy to all the new shit, so uh, you know, but that's what you pay me for. Speaking of which, would it be possible for me to get my twenty grand in cash? I gotta check this with my accountant of course, but my concern is that, you know, it could bump me into a higher tax-- No, man, nothing is fucked here-- Shit. Oh, man, don't say that.. Uh-huh. Oh, nothin', you know. So he thinks it's the carpet-pissers, huh? Why me, man? Huh. Yeah sure, if I'm ever in the neighborhood, need to use the john. It's the LeBaron. That guy treats women like objects, man. Uh-huh. I want a fucking lawyer, man. I want Bill Kunstler. I know my rights. Yeah, it sucks. Jesus fucking Christ. The? Who the fff-- Who're you working for? Lebowski? Jackie Treehorn? She's not my special lady, she's my fucking lady friend. I'm just helping her conceive, man! I'm not a--ah, fuck it, just stay away from my fucking lady friend, man. Hey man, don't you have something else you could put it in? Can we just rent it from you? Nothing. Almost five! Thank you, Donny. I'm going home, Donny. Walter, how-- Yeah, well, what do you care, Walter? Yeah. Rug-peers did not do this. I mean look at it. Young trophy wife. Marries a guy for money but figures he isn't giving her enough. She owes money all over town-- Yeah, this is the guy, this guy should compensate me for the fucking rug. I mean his wife goes out and owes money and they pee on my rug. Fuckin' A. My rug. --had a rough night, and I hate the fucking Eagles, man-- I've had a-- Jesus, man, can you change the station? Fuckin' A, man. I got a rash. Fuckin' A, man. I gotta tell ya Tony. --and bowling. I'll tell you the truth, Brandt, I don't remember most of it.--Jeez! Fuck me! --smoking thai-stick, breaking into the ROTC-- Well, yeah I did, but I spent most of my time occupying various, um, administration buildings-- Jeez. Think he's got room for one more? I see. I guess he's pretty, uh, racially pretty cool-- Different mothers, huh? Are these. Nancy's pretty good. Far out. He's handicapped, huh? Lebowski on the right? Hey, is this him with Nancy? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I'm not really, uh. Yes, uh, very impressive. And the, uh, the briefcase? No. Here. ...Also, my rug was stolen. ...Me, I don't drink coffee. But it's nice when they offer. I'm unemployed. Papers. Just papers. You know, my papers. Business papers. Huh? Oh. Yeah. Tape deck. Couple of Creedence tapes. And there was a, uh. . . my briefcase. Green. Some brown, or, uh, rust, coloration. 1972 Pontiac LeBaron. Yeah man. Well, you know, the Dude abides. Thanks, Gary...Take care, man, I gotta get back. Ahh, you know. Strikes and gutters, ups and downs. Oh, hey man, how are ya? I wondered if I'd see you again. Yeah. Thanks man. Well I like your style too, man. Got a whole cowboy thing goin'. Mm. Uh-huh. That some kind of Eastern thing? Ahh, not so good, man. Okay, Jackie, done. I like the way you do business. Your money is being held by a kid named Larry Sellers. He lives in North Hollywood, on Radford, near the In-and-Out Burger. A real fuckin' brat, but I'm sure your goons'll be able to get it off him, mean he's only fifteen and he's flunking social studies. So if you'll just write me a check for my ten per cent. . . of half a million. . . fifty grand. Does the Pope shit in the woods? Yeah, well, right man, there are many facets to this, uh, you know, many interested parties. If I can find your money, man-- what's in it for the Dude? But she hasn't run off, she's been-- I thought you might know, man. Uh-huh. Well, I still jerk off manually. On you, maybe. Which one was Logjammin'? White Russian, thanks. How's the smut business, Jackie? This is quite a pad you got here, man. Completely unspoiled. Jeffrey Lebowski. Yeah man. Huh? Brother Shamus? Like an Irish monk? Who the fuck are you? Why've you been following me? Come on, fuckhead! Who the fuck are you, man! Come on, man! No! No! NO! THAT'S NOT-- No, the, uh, police chief of Malibu. A real reactionary. . . So your father. . . Oh man, I get it! So...that doctor. Huh... Yeah, okay, but see, the Dude-- Well...no, of course not-- Increases? Huh. Jeez. Well, so, did he--is that yoga? But he's-- But your father--he runs stuff, he-- Huh? He's fucking loaded. It's a complicated case, Maude. Lotta ins, lotta outs. Fortunately I've been adhering to a pretty strict, uh, drug regimen to keep my mind, you know, limber. I'm real fucking close to your father's money, real fucking close. It's just-- Larry Sellers, a high-school kid. Real fucking brat. He thought I had your father's money, so he got me out of the way while he looked for it. Jackie Treehorn trashed the place. Wanted to save the finder's fee. Oh, you know, the usual. Bowl. Drive around. The occasional acid flashback. Bunch of assholes. And then, you know, little of this, little of that. My career's, uh, slowed down a bit lately. Yeah. Roadie for Metallica. Speed of Sound Tour. And then. . . let's see, I uh--music business briefly. Not the compromised second draft. And then I, uh. . . Ever hear of the Seattle Seven? I was, uh, one of the authors of the Port Huron Statement.--The original Port Huron Statement. Well, uh. . . Not much to tell. Maude? Delayed after-eff-- Huh? No, really, I don't even have the bruise any more, I-- Well, no, not exactly. It's a complicated case, Maude. Lotta ins. Lotta outs. And a lotta strands to keep in my head, man. Lotta strands in old Duder's-- Well yeah...I know that. Well...yeah-- Jeez. I miss vinyl. Roy Orbison. . . Pink Floyd. Beaver? You mean vagina?--I mean, you know him? Well--yeah, I guess-- The main guy, Dieter-- I'm telling you, I got definitive evidence-- Now I got-- Hey man, why don't you fucking listen occasionally? You might learn something. Now I got-- I, uh... money, yeah, I gotta respecfully, 69 you know, tender my resignation on that matter, 'cause it looks like your mother really was kidnapped after all. No it's fine, really, uh-- That's really thoughtful but I-- Oh that's okay, I hardly even-- Yeah, but what about-- A hundred. Well--sure, I could do that-- Yeah, but my- Shit yeah, the achievers. He fixes the cable? Listen, Maude, I'm sorry if your stepmother is a nympho, but I don't see what it has to do with--do you have any kalhua? Oh, no. You mean coitus? I was talking about my rug. Excuse me? Right, but let me explain something about that rug-- Huh? "Johnson"? Oh yeah? Is that what that's a picture of? You're a fuck, Walter! What the fuck does Vietnam have to do with anything! What the fuck were you talking about?! What about that shit about Vietnam! You make everything a fucking travesty! Goddamnit Walter! You fucking asshole! Walter-- Well can we-- The Dude, actually. Is what, uh. Wha. . . Donny-- Wha. Then what's... They shot Donny! Hy God! They shot him, Walter! Come on, Walter!. Hey, cool it Walter. Listen, pal, there never was any money. The big Lebowski gave me an empty briefcase, man, so take it up with him. Hey, cool it Walter. Yeah. Uh-huh. We're sorry, man. We're really sorry. Walter, you fuck! He can't walk, Walter! WALTER, FOR CHRIST'S SAKE! HE'S CRIPPLED! PUT HIM DOWN! You thought Bunny'd been kidnapped and you could use it as a pretext to make some money disappear. All you needed was a sap to pin it on, and you'd just met me. You thought, hey, a deadbeat, a loser, someone the square community won't give a shit about. It's just part of your whole sick Cynthia thing. Taking care of her fucking dog. Going to her fucking synagogue. You're living in the fucking past. This driveway. And you were divorced five fucking years ago. Yeah, and you were-- You're fucking Polish Catholic-- Walter, come off it. You're not even fucking Jewish, you're-- Huh? Shit yeah! His million bucks was never in it, man! There was no money in that briefcase! He was hoping they'd kill her! You throw out a ringer for a ringer! I'm saying if he knows I'm a fuck- up, then why does he still leave me in charge of getting back his wife? Because he fucking doesn't want her back, man! He's had enough! He no longer digs her! It's all a show! But then, why didn't he give a shit about his million bucks? I mean, he knew we didn't hand off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back. I mean we totally fucked it up, man. We fucked up his pay-off. And got the kidnappers all pissed off, and the big Lebowski yelled at me a lot, but he didn't do anything. Huh? WALTER, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE, WE GOTTA GO TO PASADENA! COME PICK ME UP OR I'M OFF THE FUCKING BOWLING TEAM! THEN WHY CAN'T YOU--fuck, never mind, just call Donny then, and ask him to-- It is a fucking emergency. Huh? Walter, listen, I'm at my place, I need you to come pick me up-- Walter, if you're there, pick up the fucking phone. Pick it up, Walter, this is an emergency. I'm not-- And the fucking money! Oh, for Christ's sake, Walter! We know it's his fucking homework, Walter! Where's the fucking money, you little brat? Is the car out front yours? Just ask him if he--ask him about the car, man! Look, man, did you-- Fuck me, man! That kid's already spent all the money! Uh. No. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah yeah, I know the fucking show Walter, so what? Yeah. Who the fuck is Arthur Digby Sellers? Who the fuck is that? The In-and-Out Burger is on Camrose. Fuck your sympathy! I don't need your sympathy, man, I need my fucking Johnson! Who gives a shit about the fucking marmot! What're you, a fucking park ranger now? Yeah. They kept saying they believe in nothing. They're nihilists. This whole fucking thing--I could be sitting here with just pee-stains on my rug. That makes me feel all warm inside. Yeah, thanks Walter. That gives me a very secure feeling. Thanks Walter. I figure my only hope is that the big Lebowski kills me before the Germans can cut my dick off. All right, I'm leaving. I'm sorry ma'am. What about the toe? They're gonna kill her, Walter, and then they're gonna kill me-- But Walter-- Someone else's--where the fuck are they gonna-- The nail polish, Walter. Whose toe was it, Walter? Aw, fuck it. It's been stolen, Walter! You fucking know it's been stolen! You don't know, Walter? You seem to know the answer to everything else! "Our" car, Walter? Walter-- But Walter, we didn't make the fucking hand- off! They didn't get, the fucking money and they're gonna-- they're gonna-- That's it. I'm out of here. Yeah, and in the meantime what do I tell Lebowski? Who gives a shit, Walter? What about that poor woman? What do we tell-- Walter-- Walter, what'm I gonna tell Lebowski? No, Walter! I said I thought she kidnapped herself! You're the one who's so fucking certain-- Huh? The problem is--what do you mean what's the--there's no--we didn't-- they're gonna kill that poor woman-- What the fuck is that supposed to mean? What the fuck're we gonna tell Lebowski? Walter, please-- Uzi? What the fuck? Walter! Fuck that! I love you, Walter, but sooner or later you're gonna have to face the fact that you're a goddamn moron. I'm throwing the money, Walter! We're not fucking around! Well call them up and explain it to 'em, Walter! Your plan is so fucking simple, I'm sure they'd fucking understand it! That's the beauty of it Walter! We throw the money out of the moving car! There is no fucking hand-off, Walter! At a wooden bridge we throw the money out of the car! FUCK. Yeah. That's a great plan, Walter. That's fucking ingenious, if I understand it correctly. That's a Swiss fucking watch. Terrific, Walter. But you haven't told me how we get her back. Where is she? Shutup, Walter! Don't fucking say peep when I'm doing business here. We're screwed now! We don't get shit and they're gonna kill her! We're fucked, Walter! They hung up, Walter! You fucked it up! You fucked it up! Her life was in our hands! Oh shit. Walter. Yes you're wrong. This isn't a fucking game, Walter-- We? What the fuck we? You said you just wanted to come along-- Walter--what the fuck are you thinking? Walter, I'm sure there's a reason you brought your dirty undies-- Agh-- What the hell is this? The what? It's your roll. It's your roll-- Walter, face it, there isn't any connection. It's your roll. I don't see any connection to Vietnam, Walter. It's all a goddamn fake. Like Lenin said, look for the person who will benefit. And you will, uh, you know, you'll, uh, you know what I'm trying to say-- I figure it's easy money, it's all pretty harmless. I mean she probably kidnapped herself. I told him if it was during league play-- ...They gave Dude a beeper, so whenever these guys call-- Yeah. Twenty grand. And of course I still keep the rug. Huh. Huh? Yeah? Wavin' a gun around?! Well, just take 't easy, man. Just, just take it easy, Walter. You're not wrong, Walter, you're just an asshole. No, you're not wrong-- He's fragile, man! He's very fragile! And you know Smokey has emotional problems! Walter, you can't do that. These guys're like me, they're pacificists. Smokey was a conscientious objector. Walter, they're calling the cops, put the piece away. Hey Walter-- Come on Walter, it's just--it's Smokey. So his toe slipped over a little, it's just a game. Hey man-- Hey, man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to Honolulu, I'd tell her to go fuck herself. Why can't she board it? You brought a fucking Pomeranian bowling? What the fuck are you-- What the fuck're you talking about? The carrier. What's in the fucking carrier? Huh? You're fucking twenty minutes late. What the fuck is that? Yeah, I could find this Lebowski guy-- Yeah, but-- No, but-- So who-- Walter, he peed on my rug-- Walter, this is not a guy who built the rail- roads, here, this is a guy who peed on my-- This Chinaman who peed on my rug, I can't go give him a bill so what the fuck are you talking about? What's the point of--we all know who was at fault, so what the fuck are you talking about? What's your point, Walter? Yeah man, it really tied the room together-- Huh? No, she, she hit me right here. Friends like these, huh Gary. Another Caucasian, Gary. Dude. Hey, just tell me where the fuck you want us to go. Yeah. Dude here. Yeah? Dude the Bagman. Where do you want us to go? Dude here. Shit! It's uh, it's down there somewhere. Lemme take another look. Help me put him back in his chair. Walter! Well. . . yeah. We know the briefcase was empty, man. We know you kept the million bucks yourself. Where's the money, Lebowski? Well, okay, if you've already made out the check. Brandt is handing him a letter-sized envelope which is distended by something inside. Well sure, look at it! Young trophy wife, I mean, in the parlance of our times, owes money all over town, including to known pornographers-- and that's cool, that's cool-- but I'm saying, she needs money, and of course they're gonna say they didn't get it 'cause she wants more, man, she's gotta feed the monkey, I mean-- hasn't that ever occurred to you...? Sir? I'll tell you what I'm blathering about! I got information--new shit has come to light and--shit, man! She kidnapped herself! I--the royal we, you know, the editorial--I dropped off the money, exactly as per--Look, I've got certain information, certain things have come to light, and uh, has it ever occurred to you, man, that given the nature of all this new shit, that, uh, instead of running around blaming me, that this whole thing might just be, not, you know, not just such a simple, but uh--you know? C'mon man, who're you gonna believe? Those guys are--we dropped off the damn money-- Well we--I don't-- Fuckin' A. 'Scuse me? Mind if I smoke a jay? Sure. That and a pair of testicles. I don't know, sir. Dude. Ah fuck it. No, look. I do mind. The Dude minds. This will not stand, ya know, this will not stand, man. I mean, if your wife owes-- Is this a--what day is this? Employed? Look, let me explain something. I'm not Mr. Lebowski; you're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. That, or Duder. His Dudeness. Or El Duderino, if, you know, you're not into the whole brevity thing-- Come on, man, I'm not trying to scam anybody here, I'm just-- Well no, like I said, Woo peed on the rug-- You mean, did you personally come and pee on my-- So you know they were trying to piss on your rug-- Well they were looking for you, these two guys, they were trying to-- Well sir, it's this rug I have, really tied the room together-You monsters! Put me down, you son of a bitch! All right, get out. Both of you. Well? Aren't you? Well, you have your story, I have mine. I say I entrusted the money to you, and you stole it. Well, she's back. No thanks to you. Brandt, give him the envelope. No. No Mr. Lebowski, that had not occurred to me. What in God's holy name are you blathering about? WHAT?! They did not receive the money, you nitwit! They did not receive the goddamn money. HER LIFE WAS IN YOUR HANDS! Where's my goddamn money, you bum?! Strong men also cry. . . Strong men also cry. Bunny Lebowski. . . She is the light of my life. Are you surprised at my tears, sir? Bunny. Is it. . . is it, being prepared to do the right thing? Whatever the price? Isn't that what makes a man? Huh? It's funny. I can look back on a life of achievement, on challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome. I've accomplished more than most men, and without the use of my legs. What. . . What makes a man, Mr. Lebowski? Sure! Fuck it! That's your answer! Tattoo it on your forehead! Your answer to everything! My wife is not the issue here. I hope that my wife will someday learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she doesn't, sir, that will be her problem, not mine, just as your rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility regardless of whom he chooses to blame. I didn't blame anyone for the loss of my legs, some chinaman in Korea took them from me but I went out and achieved anyway. I can't solve your problems, sir, only you can. But I do work, so if you don't mind-- You don't go out and make a living dressed like that in the middle of a weekday. Are you employed, sir? You're just looking for a handout like every other--are you employed, Mr. Lebowski? Hello! Hello! So every time--I just want to understand this, sir-- every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, I have to compensate the-- Hello! Do you speak English? Parla usted Inglese? I'll say it again. Did I urinate on your rug? Did I urinate on your rug? I'll say it again, all right? You told Brandt. He told me. I know what happened. Yes? Yes? You told Brandt on the phone, he told me. So where do I fit in? Stay away from me! You bullies! You and these women! You won't leave a man his fucking balls! You're bullies! Cowards, both of you! Stay away from me, mister! I said out. Now. Who the hell is he?Francis Donnelly. Pleased to meet you. Hello, gentlemen. You are the bereaved? Irish m--What the fuck are you talking about? My name's Da Fino! I'm a private snoop! Like you, man! Hey, relax man, I'm a brother shamus. Relax, man! No physical harm intended! I FUCKEEN KILL JOR FUCKEEN CAR!You happy, you crazy fuck? All right! There it is! It's fucking zero! Walter-- I'm not-- Yeah, but I wasn't over. Gimme the marker, Dude, I'm marking it an eight. Yeah, but-- Bullshit. Walter! Bullshit. Eight, Dude.Sure. Take it easy, Dude--I know that you will. Wouldn't miss the semis. How things been goin'? Howdy do, Dude. Take it easy, Dude. Thankie. . . Just one thing, Dude. D'ya have to use s'many cuss words? I like your style, Dude. Far from it. One a those days, huh. Wal, a wiser fella than m'self once said, sometimes you eat the bar and sometimes the bar, wal, he eats you.I understand sir. Could you slide your shorts down please? Right, Dude. You are approaching a vooden britch. When you cross it you srow ze bag from ze left vindow of ze moving kar. Do not slow down. Vee vatch you. So no funny stuff. Okay? Okay, vee proceed. But only if there is no funny stuff. Okay, listen-- Shut the fuck up. Hello? ...Us? DUDE Who is this? --so, like I say, just thought, you know, fair warning. Tell Walter. Dude, this is Smokey. Look, I don't wanna be a hard-on about this, and I know it wasn't your fault, but I just thought it was fair to tell you that Gene and I will be submitting this to the League and asking them to set aside the round. Or maybe forfeit it to us-- WHERE'S THE FUCKING MONEY, SHITHEAD!ANTI-SEMITE! Show me what you got. Nihilist. Dipshit with a nine-toed woman. Come and get it. Fucking nihilist. Come and get it. Fuck you. NO RULES! YOU CABBAGE-EATING SONS- OF- BITCHES-- There's no ransom if you don't have a fucking hostage. That's what ransom is. Those are the fucking rules. Yeah, but we're-- This is a hundred and eighty dollars. Don't need it. We're scattering the ashes. What's this? Yeah. They won't hurt us, Donny. These men are cowards. Shut the fuck up, Donny. Not a bunch of fig-eaters with towels on their heads tryin' to find reverse on a Soviet tank. This is not a worthy-- Shut the fuck up, Donny. We'll, uh, brace the kid--he'll be a pushover. We'll get that fucking money, if he hasn't spent it already. Million fucking clams. And yes, we'll be near the, uh--some burgers, some beers, a few laughs. Our fucking troubles are over, Dude. What have you. We'll, uh-- Shut the fuck up, Donny. This kid is in the ninth grade, Dude, and his father is--are you ready for this?-- Arthur Digby Sellers. You gotta buck up, man, you can't go into the tournament with this negative attitude-- Am I wrong? Are you gonna split hairs? Come on, Donny, they were threatening castration! Fucking Germans. Nothing changes. Fucking Nazis. Oh for Christ--will you shut the fuck up, Donny. Where's your car, Dude? Really, Dude, you surprise me. They're not gonna kill shit. They're not gonna do shit. What can they do? Fuckin' amateurs. And meanwhile, look at the bottom line. Who's sitting on a million fucking dollars? Am I wrong? Kill that poor woman. Went alright. Dude's car got a little dinged up-- I'm shomer shabbas. WELL THEY CAN FUCKING UN-POST IT! I told that kraut a fucking thousand times I don't roll on shabbas. Saturday! Well they'll have to reschedule. Donny, shut the f--when do we play? That's fucking exactly what happened, Dude! That makes me fucking SICK! Shut the fuck up, Donny! V.I. Lenin! Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov! That fucking bitch! Life does not stop and start at your convenience, you miserable piece of shit. Shut the fuck up, Donny. YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR ELEMENT! This Chinaman is not the issue, Dude. Huh? So you have no frame of reference, Donny. You're like a child who wanders in in the middle of a movie and wants to know-- Were you listening to the Dude's story? Were you listening to the story, Donny? Shit Dude, I'm sorry-- Dude, I'm sorry-- Dude, I'm--it was an accident! Dude! Dude, I'm sorry! JUST BECAUSE WE'RE BEREAVED DOESN'T MEAN WE'RE SAPS! We're scattering the fucking ashes! A hundred and eighty dollars?! Walter Sobchak. Hurry Dude. I'd go but I'm pumping blood. Might pass out. Call the medics, Dude. It's a heart attack. There weren't any shots. No Dude. What's mine is mine. AND I'D LIKE MY UNDIES BACK! Fuck you. Fuck the three of you. That's fuckin' combat. The man in the black pyjamas, Dude. Worthy fuckin' adversary. I mean 'Nam was a foot soldier's war whereas, uh, this thing should be a fucking cakewalk. I mean I had an M16, Jacko, not an Abrams fucking tank. Just me and Charlie, man, eyeball to eyeball. Sure you'll see some tank battles. But fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle. Shit, Dude, I didn't know. I wouldn't've done it if I knew he was a fucking crybaby. Yeah, I can see that, Dude. Oh, shit. Sure, I'll put him down, Dude. RAUSS! ACHTUNG, BABY!! It's all over, man! We call your fucking bluff! AS IF WE WOULD EVER DREAM OF TAKING YOUR BULLSHIT MONEY! Three thousand years of beautiful tradition, from Moses to Sandy Koufax-- YOU'RE GODDAMN RIGHT I LIVE IN THE PAST! I--Jesus. What the hell happened? I'm as Jewish as fucking Tevye Yeah? What do you think happens when you get divorced? You turn in your library card? Get a new driver's license? Stop being Jewish? You know this! What the fuck are you talking about? I converted when I married Cynthia! Come on, Dude! What the fuck are you talking about? I'm saying, I see what you're getting at, Dude, he kept the money, but my point is, here we are, it's shabbas, the sabbath, which I'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life and death-- Okay, but how does all this add up to an emergency? Yeah? What's your point, Dude? Well it's, sometimes the cathartic, uh. Dude, I'm not supposed to make calls-- I understand. That's why I picked up the phone. Erev shabbas. I can't drive. I'm not even supposed to pick up the phone, unless it's an emergency. I can't drive, Dude, it's erev shabbas. Dude? And the fucking money. And we know that this is your homework, Larry. You're going to enter a world of pain, son. We know that this is your homework. We know you stole a car-- Look, Larry. . . Have you ever heard of Vietnam? Is this your homework, Larry? Is this yours, Larry? Is this your homework, Larry? Dude, please!. . . Is this your homework, Larry? Is this your homework, Larry? Hardly Dude, a new 'vette? The kid's still got, oh, 96 to 97 thousand, depending on the options. Wait in the car, Donny. Yeah, go figure. Well we'll go out there after the, uh, the. And yet his son is a fucking dunce. Not exactly a lightweight. The bulk of the series. Fucking Arthur Digby Sellers wrote 156 episodes, Dude. All but one man died? There at Bitter Creek? Who the f--have you ever heard of a little show called Branded, Dude? Huh? Near the In-and-Out Burger-- He lives in North Hollywood on Radford, near the In-and-Out Burger-- --We're sympathizing here, Dude-- No, I'm-- And let's also not forget--let's not forget, Dude--that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent, for uh, domestic, you know, within the city-- that isn't legal either. Nihilists! Jesus. Huh? Now Dude-- Dude-- Not if I have anything to say about it. Now that is ridiculous, Dude. No one is going to cut your dick off. Don't run away from this, Dude! Goddamnit, this affects all of us! Lady, I got buddies who died face- down in the muck so you and I could enjoy this family restaurant! FORGET ABOUT THE FUCKING TOE! Well that's just, that's the stress talking, Dude. So far we have what looks to me like a series of victimless crimes-- I'll get you a toe by this afternoon--with nail polish. These fucking amateurs. They send us a toe, we're supposed to shit our- selves with fear. Jesus Christ. My point is-- You want a toe? I can get you a toe, believe me. There are ways, Dude. You don't wanna know about it, believe me. Fine, Dude. As if it's impossible to get some nail polish, apply it to someone else's toe-- How the fuck should I know? I do know that nothing about it indicates-- That wasn't her toe. Well, certainly that's a possibility, Dude-- Hmm. Well, we were in a handicapped spot. It, uh, it was probably towed. And what do they got, Dude? My dirty undies. My fucking whites--Say, where is the car? Who's got a fucking million fucking dollars parked in the trunk of our car out here? Yeah yeah, "kill that poor woman." For Christ's sake, Dude. Saturday is shabbas. Jewish day of rest. Means I don't work, I don't drive a car, I don't fucking ride in a car, I don't handle money, I don't turn on the oven, and I sure as shit don't fucking roll! C'mon Dude, eventually she'll get sick of her little game and, you know, wander back-- I told that fuck down at the league office-- who's in charge of scheduling? That's right, Dude, 1 % certain-- What the fuck're you talking about? That poor woman--that poor slut-- kidnapped herself, Dude. You said so yourself-- Huh? Oh, him, yeah. Well I don't see, um-- what exactly is the problem? Aitz chaim he, Dude. As the ex used to say. You didn't think I was rolling out of here naked! Your wheel! At fifteen em-pee-aitch I roll out! I double back, grab one of 'em and beat it out of him! The uzi! Your wheel, Dude! I'm rolling out! Okay, Dude. No time to argue. Here's the bridge-- The bridge is coming up! Gimme the ringer, Dude! Chop-chop! Wooden bridge, huh? We can't do that, Dude. That fucks up our plan. Huh? What'd he say? Where's the hand- off? Thaaat's right, Dude. The beauty of this is its simplicity. If the plan gets too complex something always goes wrong. If there's one thing I learned in Nam-- ...Huh? That's the simple part, Dude. When we make the handoff, I grab the guy and beat it out of him. Yeah. So as long as we get her back, nobody's in a position to complain. And we keep the baksheesh. Okay Dude. Have it your way. Ya see? Nothing is fucked up here, Dude. Nothing is fucked. These guys are fucking amateurs-- Dude, nothing is fucked. Come on. You're being very unDude. They'll call back. Look, she kidnapped her-- Easy, Dude. What the fuck is going on there? It is a fucking game. You said so yourself, Dude--she kidnapped herself-- My point, Dude, is why should we settle for twenty grand when we can keep the entire million. Am I wrong? Well you're right, Dude, I got to thinking. I got to thinking why should we settle for a measly fucking twenty grand-- Thaaaat's right, Dude. The weight. The ringer can't look empty. My dirty undies. Laundry, Dude. The whites. The ringer! The ringer, Dude! Have they called yet? The fucking point is-- Have it your way. The point is-- Well, there isn't a literal connection, Dude. Those rich fucks! This whole fucking thing-- I did not watch my buddies die face down in the muck so that this fucking strumpet-- That...fucking...bitch! Huh? What if it's during a game? Just for making the hand-off? Anyway. How much they offer you? When he moved down to Venice he had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he's a pederast. The man is a sex offender. With a record. Spent six months in Chino for exposing himself to an eight- year-old. Yeah, but he's a fucking pervert, Dude. Calmer than you are. I'm perfectly calm, Dude. That's your answer to everything, Dude. And let me point out--pacifism is not--look at our current situation with that camelfucker in Iraq-- pacifism is not something to hide behind. Okay then. We play Quintana and O'Brien next week. They'll be pushovers. Am I wrong! Huh. I did not know that. Well, it's water under the bridge. And we do enter the next round-robin, am I wrong? You mean--beyond pacifism? You know Dude, I myself dabbled with pacifism at one point. Not in Nam, of course-- MARK IT ZERO! Mark that frame an eight, you're entering a world of pain. Smokey my friend, you're entering a world of pain. This is a league game. This determines who enters the next round- robin, am I wrong? Fucking dog has papers, Dude.--Over the line! First of all, Dude, you don't have an ex, secondly, it's a fucking show dog with fucking papers. You can't board it. It gets upset, its hair falls out. What do you mean "brought it bowling"? I didn't rent it shoes. I'm not buying it a fucking beer. He's not gonna take your fucking turn, Dude. I'm saying, Cynthia's Pomeranian. I'm looking after it while Cynthia and Marty Ackerman are in Hawaii. Huh? Oh--Cynthia's Pomeranian. Can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture. State of Israel. If you will it, Dude, it is no-- Theodore Herzel. Way to go, Dude. If you will it, it is no dream. Donny! Please! Okay. That, uh. Am I wrong! Jeff Lebowski. Come on. This other Jeffrey Lebowski. The millionaire. He's gonna be easier to find anyway than these two, uh. these two . . . And he has the wealth, uh, the resources obviously, and there is no reason, no FUCKING reason, why his wife should go out and owe money and they pee on your rug. Am I wrong? What the fuck are you-- What the fuck are you talking about?! This Chinaman is not the issue! I'm talking about drawing a line in the sand, Dude. Across this line you do not, uh--and also, Dude, Chinaman is not the preferred, uh. . . Asian- American. Please. Forget it, Donny. You're out of your element. Huh? No! What the fuck are you talking--I'm not--we're talking about unchecked aggression here-- There's no fucking reason--here's my point, Dude--there's no fucking reason-- This was a valued, uh. This was, uh-- Shit, sorry man. Oh, shit. This guy fucking walks. I've never been more certain of anything in my life! Let me tell you something else. I've seen a lot of spinals, Dude, and this guy is a fake. A fucking goldbricker. Look at that fucking phony, Dude! Pretending to be a fucking millionaire! I'll tell you who I am! I'm the guy who's gonna KICK YOUR PHONY GOLDBRICKING ASS! This is a league game, Smokey! YOU THINK I'M FUCKING AROUND HERE? MARK IT ZERO!! A world of pain. Am I wrong!? This is not Nam. This is bowling. There are rules. Excuse me! Mark it zero. Next frame. Over the line, Smokey! I'm sorry. That's a foul. Smokey Huh?Yeah. Jackie Treehorn wants to talk to the deadbeat Lebowski. Pin your diapers on, Lebowski. Jackie Treehorn wants to see you. He looks like a fuckin' loser. Fuck. Uh? Yeah?Yes, heh-- Heh-heh-- One--oh! Heh-heh. You never went to college? --without the means for higher education, so Mr. Lebowski has committed to sending all of them to college. They're not his, heh-heh, they're not literally his children; they're the Little Lebowski Urban Achievers, inner-city children of promise but without the-- No, they-- These are Mr. Lebowski's children, so to speak-- Wonderful woman. We were very-- And in fact he met privately with the President, though unfortunately there wasn't time for a photo opportunity. Mr. Lebowski is disabled, yes. And this picture was taken when Mrs. Reagan was first lady of the nation, yes, yes? Not of California. Of course, Mr. Lebowski on the right, Mrs. Reagan on the left, taken when-- That is indeed Mr. Lebowski with the first lady, yes, taken when-- That's a Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce Business Achiever award, which is given--not necessarily given every year! Given only when there's a worthy, somebody especially-- That's the key to the city of Pasadena, which Mr. Lebowski was given two years ago in recognition of his various civic, uh. Please! Please! Please, feel free to inspect them. And this is the study. You can see the various commendations, honorary degrees, et cetera.Sometimes. I wouldn't hold out much hope for the tape deck though. Or the Creedence tapes. Separate incidents? Your rug was in the car. And what do you do, sir? In the briefcase? And was there anything of value in the car? Color?