All right. Speak to you then. If this magazine is so important to you Annie, why are you in Montana? Lucy isn't you. We're losing something without you being here. Now, I know this is a rough time for you, but I think we should make another arrangement. Well, I suppose we could use another good public feud... Is that absolutely necessary? It'll just make it a bigger story. Did you speak to Farlow? Who's there?Either fight the way things are or accept it. No. He had the choice. I'll have another round of that spaghetti if may? We have a business manager. The best around. Well, I know Peterson's. Old place is as good as falling down around your ears. Nobody's using it. Silly for her to be driving back and forth when she don't know her way around that well... Well, get born a bull, got a ninety percent chance of getting castrated and served up as hamburger. On a balance I reckon I'd choose being a cow. Would you mind passing that salad young lady? Diane! Play that sweet one you know. The one makes my wife here so friendly. It's got doors, Diane. Private as can be. Tom? I believe women from New York eat mixed salads. Ain't that right, Tom? Mixed salad. Oh hell, I don't know... According to Tom, she's a pretty determined woman. Must've thought it was worth it. Now son, you tell 'em when it came from. Tell her they suit the weather better. Their udders are black, 'stead of pink. Weekend after next... That's what some folks say. Sure. As long as she don't mind. We thought we lost him in the snow storm... Told the kids. Had a funeral for the damn thing. Finally, snow stops. Staring to warm up. I go out and start cleaning the truck... Goddamn if that dog doesn't jump out from the back seat covered in snow... I nearly stained myself. It'd be a whole lot easier to pay the feed end of the month... And next time, Miss Annie, you can run down the calves... Our daddy raised Pure Herefords. Bank out us a couple more men to run the cattle. Tom? You know her?Be honest, I can't say I did it all myself. My grandma helped me get the words right. Teacher asked me why we raise Black Angus-Herefords 'stead of Pure Herefords. When you figure on branding? There was this thing on the TV about a guy who does it with geese. He has this airplane and these baby geese all grow up thinking it's their mom, and he flies it and they just follow. You hear 'bout that, Uncle T? He says if you do it soon as they're born, it makes them real easy to handle later on. There's a kid at school says we should've imprint-trained him. Can we take a look at Bronty's foal when we're done here, Dad? I wouldn't let happen. You wouldn't want to dance with me, would you? I don't know... You sure Tom said it's all right? Have you talked to Tom about it? Because it fits my head. You want to try it on? Twice a month they give you a day off to work on the ranch. You shut up, stupid! Don't be such a baby! YA JUST HAD A TURN. IT WAS NOT.I don't know. Let's just go and... we'll see... You want to take a walk with me? Was the trip okay? Tubab means white man. No. I am a "tubab." Yes? And I have two choices. I can either fight the way things are, or accept them. See, I always knew I loved you more. Didn't bother me. I always felt lucky... a little amazed... that such a vibrant, beautiful woman would want to be with a man like me... And I guess I thought as long as I did everything right -- if I was the best husband I could be, the best father... even being a good lawyer only mattered to me because of what it meant for us... if I could do all that, it wouldn't make any difference if we loved each other the same or not... I wasn't asking for more. I told myself I didn't need more. But you don't know how you feel about me. You don't know... if you want a life with me anymore... And I don't want you to come home until you do know... ... one way or the other. I'll tell you something, Annie -- I stood there looking at what was happening to that horse... And, I swear, it felt like the same thing was happening to me. Take your time. May I have a suggestion? Connecticut. I told the office I'd work out of there next week. When are you planning to start back? How are you feeling about work? You were right about coming here. I'm sorry for not thinking... I can see why you put your faith in him. He's a genuine... good guy... Good at what he does. That's rare. I apologize for the surprise, but the days only opened yesterday and I figured... Small bed. Maybe I should sleep in the barn. Honey, I hope you're not endangering your position. Listen, if you need to come back and you want me to come take over, for a while, I'll work it out. I mean, the firm's got other lawyers, but the magazine's got only one of you. Apparently, Gottschalk's been seen around town lunching with some very prominent magazine editors. Lucy said she tried to call you, but no one answered so she faxed you the list of names. She said one of them have contracts up fairly soon. Well, uh the real reason I called, actually, was to tell you I saw Lucy at Jo-Jo's tonight and she seems very worried. I wish I did. Huh-huh. You? Oh well... branding will do that to you. I thought you guys were going to call me. Good night. I miss you, Annie. Well then... maybe I will take some time... come visit. When are you coming home? So, how are you doing in Marlboro country? Is the magazine complaining at all? Taking forever. I just got an additional list of sixty-two employees to interview before Monday. I don't know how I'm going to do it. And you think it's best if I don't come. What if she doesn't want to go? I really wish I could understand why you think this is so necessary. I'm not pretending anything! Are you a psychiatrist? He said it takes time. Her psychiatrist... said... she needs security now... stability... No. It's, uh... No, I really don't think it's a good idea What... Bo-... What about the magazine? You want to do this by yourself? How? You can't take care of Pilgrim all the -- I come home and you tell me we're going to drive a psychotic horse to Montana! I can't just pick up and leave... You've already made arrangements!? NO! What are you -- you're serious about this? That's the craziest thing I ever heard. Absolutely not. I don't understand. You just said he said no. What was I saying? What did he say? Did you get a hold of that horse guy? They're still our friends, Annie. It's nothing serious. You kid about them all the time... And I could tell Paul really appreciated me being there. All our "favorite" people were there saying all their "favorite" things about their "favorite" subjects. I thought to myself, we've been friends with these people almost twenty years and nobody knows anybody. We're so afraid we won't like each other and have nobody go to dinners with. Doing what? I love you. I had to excuse myself from a meeting. It's ridiculous. I kept thinking about the baby... you... and, I swear, I was going to start bawling right into my briefs. How's my pregnant chick! "... FRESH, WIND IN HER HAIR... LIFE WITHOUT CARE... SHE'S BROKE... BUT IT'S 'OK'... ... And uh... Mario called about moving the wisteria? It's on the table by the phone. I didn't know what to tell him... ... Whether or not we were... ... if we still we're thinking of redoing the couch. Oh, uh, I meant to tell you... Alex brought that fabric over... The funeral's on Friday. I saw Judith's parents while you were at the apartment... I wanted to say something... But I... I was so relieved that Grace was still... that it wasn't our daughter. No, let me go. Nothing new. He's just going off duty. I'm sorry. No, it's got a little left. They'll be in to change it. She was in pretty bad shape. They've done a C.A.T. Scan -- she has some hemorrhaging... Okay. We'll see you later then. That's okay. We have to talk about it and we're not always in the same place ... so... I just have to get used to it. What do you want to do about dinner? Riding with Judith. Okay. You want me to pick you up? So, what, uh, what train are you taking? Hi. Shouldn't we have invited Tom over? I know. Amazing. What, sweetheart? Honey, you all right? Did something fall? You want to watch some television? Do you want something else, honey? We order something else? OK, OK. No, not yet. I haven't been back in over twenty years, but I wouldn't be surprised. The population's larger. I understand... How much longer do you think? I can't believe it's the same horse. Hi. It's a pleasure. I'm very grateful for the way you took in my girls here. I bet you were surprised when they just showed up out of nowhere.The point was to love each other. I don't know any other way, Annie. I figured, whenever you decided to go, you'd be all set. Two people can't just be alone together in the world. At least not us... Summers are short here, Annie. There isn't much of a fall. Before you know it, the roads are closed... the nights get long. Annie! Ssshhh... Stand still, Annie. Takes what we've got, just for now. Can you do that? I won't apologize for this. And I won't hide it. Not for anybody. Now, listen. I want you to stand on him. Tom. Huh? Ha, ha... all right, well, uh I guess you can bring out the pasta. Just make yourself comfortable. Everything under control? Yeah, I think it is. And I don't mean everybody's got to be married, have kids -- It's more like, knowing where you're from, where you belong, what feeds you, where you can go no matter what happens... Knowing what you're supposed to be doing while you're here. I hear that! See, I knew she was never going to be a ranchest, but I wanted to try -- I thought maybe she'd give music lessons to the kids in town or at the school, maybe even recitals. My son would grow up here. Maybe have one or two more. I'd teach 'em what I could. They'd play with my brother's kids. All grow up together. And even if they all decided to go out into the world, they'd always know where home was -- cause we'd keep it for 'em... Ever think of moving there full time? Grace told me you have a country house in Connecticut. Sounds like a beautiful place. She was never really happy here. She did the best she could. College. In Illinois. She was playing the cello. I hadn't heard cello music growing up. She had the reddest hair, the bluest eyes. When she played, it was... Yeah. I haven't seen him in a while. He used to come to the ranch over summers, but then he started having friends and was going off to college, so... Good boy. Hal. Lives in New York near his mom. Five years. My son was born here. You look all right. You want to pick it up a little? Feel good? Well, he don't know that. Just sit the horse. Good... You have a nice seat. OK. I'll stop talking then. Relax our center... It's just sitting in a bucket. No, ma'am, I'm afraid that's extra. He'd be grateful, he'd take real good care with you. You haven't heard the question yet. Truth is, you'd be doing me a favor. I got all these eager young colts need riding and poor old Rimrock here is feeling kind of left out... Need a lift? Enjoy the day. Just polite. Well, maybe you'd like to try riding again, some time before you go home. Why don't you ride anymore? Grace told me you used to ride when she was younger. It's all right. He's young. Just hold out your hand a little lower so he can get the smell of you. I thought you were an editor, not a reporter? Sorry about that. I thought everything got cleared out. R.B. is my wife... ex-wife... Rachel. We used to live in that house together. You sleeping all right in that house? Lucky for you. The grizzlies around here only go for joggers. A jogger, huh? Just who's been laughing at who here? I once heard Itzhak Perlman guest star with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. He played Rachmaninov's Vocalize Opus 34. No. 14. It was one of the most beautiful pieces of music I ever heard. I actually forgot where I was for a time. You seem surprised? When I was first married. Does Chicago count? What's that to miss? Well, maybe I am laughing a bit... I just thought, as long as you're here, it would be nice for you to relax into the place a little. Oh, I see, you write both sides of the conversation? You ever just stand still for a minute? So how was your first and last day of branding? You okay? You know, we're branding here tomorrow. If you two want to come by to watch or give a hand, you're welcome. That's up to Pilgrim. I don't have a problem with that. It's up to Annie. Excuse me, with all due respect, but this is her decision, not yours. And I don't want to waste anybody's time -- mostly mine. You can make it as complicated or as easy as you like. But she's the one who's gonna be riding him, am I right? So here's the deal. I'm not sure I can do anything, but I'm prepared to give it a go -- -- if you'll help. You have a problem with that? When I work with a horse, it's no good just me doing it. It doesn't work that way. The owner needs to be involved too. Doesn't matter. Uh, no. I was gonna take a look now. I uh... ha, ha... I don't think I ever met a lady quite like yourself and I appreciate all the pains you've gone through to -- All by yourself? You mean you hauled him all the way out here? Just like that? Were you thinking of personally driving me back East? Plenty of signs -- just none of them printed. Who do I get the idea you're not just passing through! I am very sorry, ma'am. Goodbye now. I, I don't mean to sound insensitive. I understand your situation. But there's nothing I can do. You just called the wrong person, that's all. I hear there are a bunch of therapists in New York. Maybe you should call one of them. Ma'am, first class to Montana is a waste of good money. Now, am I being too polite here or when I say NO in Utah, does that mean YES in New York City? Look, even if it was nearer, that's just not what I do. I give clinics. And I'm not even doing them for a while. I'm heading back to Montana right now. I got a ranch to take care of... Ma'am, I'm very sorry about your problems and I appreciate what your daughter must be going through, but I'm afraid you've misunderstood whatever it is you read. I don't do that sort of thing. Well, see, truth is, ma'am, I help horses with people's problems. Yeah. Hello. This is Tom Booker. I got a message you called. No thanks. Diane takes care of the books. I don't know how, but at the end of every month, everything adds up to the penny. I believe so. Saw it on a television show, once. I don't believe they'll expect that. He thought it was a ghost. I don't think Warren would go for that. Well, I'd like to welcome Annie and Grace to their first branding... They don't get burned by the sun bouncing off the snow. And they're good mother. We should be fine, then. Yeah. I don't believe it. Grace, Listen... you've got to do this. Just trust me one more time. He's not hurt. He's okay. Look at him. Grace, I need you to come with me. It's more or less how it sounds. Sometimes it's not pretty to watch. Some horses fight it real hard. Your fella's already shown us he likes a good fight. So if you don't want to watch, I'll call you when it's done. There's still something going on inside of him I can't reach. So me and Smokey here, we're going to try laying him down. Okay? Sure? There's no hurry. Take you time. I know you do. Don't you disappear. You do whatever you have to, to hold on... I'll tell you one more thing... When Pilgrim reared up to face that truck... you know what I think?... I think that damn horse loved you so much, he was trying to protect you... That's what I think. I won't tell you it'll stop feeling this bad... But I can tell you, you didn't do anything wrong... The same thing would have happened to me... or Frank... or Joe... And there's no sense in looking for a reason why things happen... I used to try and... always came up short. I don't think the why so's important as... what we do with what we get. I remember this boy I'd see up on the Blackfeet Reservation. He was sixteen. Great kid. Strong. He'd gone swimming and dived headfirst into a rock. Snapped his neck, paralyzed him... After the accident, I'd look in on him from time to time... and he wasn't there anymore. His mind, his spirit, whatever you want to call it, it just disappeared. And what was left was nothing but anger... It's like the boy I knew just went away somewhere... Getting old. Not being of much use, I guess. What went on out there, Grace? With Pilgrim? That must have been pretty special. Where did you get Pilgrim from? Not a question of if you can -- you are. Just keep your eyes on the road and your foot on the pedal and the rest will take care of yourself. Just follow this. Nothing to it. I'm going to shut my eyes here for a little while. Just keep going till you run out of road. Well, there's only one way to find out. Give it a little gas. Put the key in and turn it. The right pedal is gas, the other one's the brake. I don't have all day. It's never too soon to start. Can you drive? You're catching on. Not to me. Either you want to or you don't. Mmm. An editor. What does she do? She gonna be long? Uh, I'm Tom Booker. Your mother around? Is the poverty worse, now, you think? Well, like I told your wife, it's really up to Pilgrim. We still have a way to go. Oh yeah... You know, Rona, we weren't all that good together even when we were good together. Sometimes. You ever miss it? How long were you married? I don't any woman in New York. But from what I hear, most of them are wound up. Oh-oh... Maybe I better get back in the truck. If it's not too much trouble, I thought I might. You're looking fit. Hey, Rona. Sorry I'm late. Well, if the rider's nuts, the horse bolts. That's the whole lesson right there. You have a good day now... Just... keep on freeing yourself up. Well... Dale... you know, a lot of this stuff... it just... nuts and bolts. What stuff is that? Well, that'll happen.You're the one who's stupid -- letting her go and fall off your horse!! You just showing off for her! WAS SO! IT WAS MY TURN!