You want to book the flight? I thought you were in a hurry. I do have a fabulous rate on a cruise ship departing for Fiji tomorrow. But you wouldn't want to do that. It's the busy season. I'm sorry. I don't have anything for at least a month. When do you want to leave, remembering, of course, you do lose a day on the way there? Viti Levu. For how many? <i>Where</i> in Fiji? What island? Where exactly? I'm sorry to keep you. How can I help?Do it! <i>Storm</i> music...Wagner... Cue music... Sweep the harbor. We're not watching the sea. What have we missed? All prop cars accounted for? Give me a shot from Truman's ring. What happened down there? What's on the ClockCam? Why wasn't I told? Any unpredictable behavior has to be reported. Is that the best shot we can get? Why is he in the basement? No, hold back... We've learnt about life as Truman has and, despite the complaints of a minority, it's been an overwhelmingly positive experience, for Truman and for the viewing public. I've been tempted. But I think it's important to retain objectivity. I wouldn't want to get emotionally caught up. We accept the reality of the world with which we're presented. As the show expanded, naturally we were forced to manufacture ways to keep Truman in Seahaven - demonstrating that every venture is accompanied by a risk. There's nothing on the show I don't use myself. Yes, everything you see on the show is for sale - from the actors' wardrobe, food products, to the very homes they live in-- People forget it takes the <i>population</i> of an entire country to keep the show running. That's correct. In competition with five other unwanted pregnancies - the casting of a show determined by an air date - he was the one who arrived on cue. He was curious from birth - premature by two weeks, as if he couldn't wait to get started. Let me demonstrate some examples. As with our own lives, the only people he can't cast are his family. Otherwise he has final approval, able to elevate an extra into a lead role as was the case with his only real friend, Marlon, or alternatively relegate a star to a bit player. Certainly a nomination. We find many viewers leave him on all night for comfort. Haven't you ever watched your child or your lover sleep? Not only does he give us a glimpse of the truth, he gives us a glimpse of ourselves. I prefer to think of it as a mirror. We've become tired of watching actors give us phony emotions, bored with pyrotechnics and special effects. While the world he inhabits is counterfeit, there's nothing fake about Truman himself. No scripts, no cue cards. It's not always Shakespeare but it's genuine. That's how he can support an entire channel. It has to be the reality. As you know ratings have never been our primary goal. I imagine we'll lose those voyeurs only interested in witnessing Truman's latest torment. However, I'm certain that our core audience will remain loyal. Amnesia. That and a fat, new contract. Since Kirk started this whole crisis in Truman's life, I came to the conclusion that he was the only one who could end it. --a dead one at that. We <i>have</i> had our close calls in the past. Thank you. Truman, I've watched you your whole life. I saw you take your first step, your first word, your first kiss. I know you better than you know yourself. You're not going to walk out that door-- <i>You</i> were real. That's what made you you so good to watch. You're the star. A show - that gives hope and joy and inspiration to millions. I'm the creator.Sure she would. Why not? How can they have a child?Guess I always thought they'd adopt. You think she'd go through with it? It's not gonna be his, you idiot.Let's take another call. London, England, you're on "Tru Talk." The Hague for Christof...The Hague?...lost them. Hollywood, California, you're on "Tru Talk." You've never actually met Truman, yourself. Never thought about doing a cameo--playing a veterinarian, or a priest, something like that? Why do you feel that Truman's never come close to discovering the true nature of his world? And it's all available in the "Truman" Show" catalogue. Operators are standing by. All products carefully chosen and tested by you for quality and aesthetic value. No, of course not. And since the show runs 24 hours a day with no commercial breaks the staggering profits are all generated from product placement. And the show now generates a yearly income equivalent to the gross national product of a small country. Who knew that a show originally meant to last one year - "Bringing Up Baby" - would turn into a "cradle to grave" concept. He is in fact the first child in the world to be legally adopted by a corporation. Of course, his eagerness to leave his mother's womb also meant he was the one selected. We should remind viewers that Truman, especially as a child, presented a challenge for the production. Istanbul, Turkey, you're on with master videographer, Christof. Of course, Truman has always been very much in on casting. Are we talking Emmies? Let's go to some of those viewers' calls. But how do you account for the popularity of those eight hours a day when Truman sleeps? A window onto the human condition? But recent events have been so dramatic, it does raise the perennial question. What keeps us watching this one man twenty-four hours a day - eating, sleeping, working, sitting for hours in contemplation? Let's talk ratings. "Truman" has always enjoyed top ten status but the huge surge over the last few days--how do you hope to sustain that audience now that Truman appears to have reconciled himself? Of course. How <i>do</i> you intend to explain his twenty- two year absence? I understand he's hardly had a life of his own since he left the show. How did you convince him--was it the opportunity to be close to Truman again? --and certainly the first time that an intruder has been rewarded with a starring role. I really must congratulate you on writing Kirk back in. A master stroke. Of course, there hasn't been anything to compare with this - the first time an intruder has been a former cast member-- The catalyst for the recent dramatic events was of course Truman's father, Kirk, and his infiltration onto the show. Before we discuss that, it's worth reminding viewers that this isn't the first time someone from the outside world has tried to reach Truman. Welcome.The thing that started all of this. Not the whole thing, Truman. You were right about one thing. And the last thing I'd ever do is lie to you. Think about it, Truman, if everybody's in on it, I'd have to be in on it too. I'm not in on it, because there is no <i>it.</i> It's a lot of world for one man. You sure that's not wishful thinking, you wishing you'd made something more of yourself? Christ, Truman, who hasn't sat on the John and had an imaginary interview on "Seahaven Tonight"? Who hasn't wanted to be somebody? Truman? It's me, Marlon. I need to talk to you. Really? That's the "Big Guy". Quite a paintbrush he's got. I went all over but I never found a place like this. Look at that sunset, Truman. It's perfect. No. What exactly? What're we doing here, Truman? I told you I can't. How about them? Who? Your Dad?! No. Truman, if this is another one of your fantasies... <i>Mixed up?</i> Mixed up in what? Are you okay? You look like shit. Sorry, I'm way behind. --Truman, what are you doing here? Sure. It's halogen. Shame it didn't hit you - you could've sued. You coming for a drink? Trust me. I figured, what's the point? I knew I'd just be taking my problems with me. Once the kids came along, it made me look at Seahaven with new eyes. I realized, what the hell could be better than this? I'm telling you. What you really need is someone to carry on the "Burbank" name. Truman, you know, I did think about moving away one time. Nursery? So when are you leaving? Yeah? Outta what?You're welcome, Truman. The whole area's being evacuated. Leak at the plant. They had to shut her down.He doesn't care. What music? Why would we-- It's just a matter of time. I'm sure we'll get him on this next sweep. He has to be on foot. He has the world's most recognizable face. He can't disappear. We've declared a curfew. Everyone else is at first positions. He gave it back to his father. He was tidying up his garbage. I was going to call you. But half-way through, he gave up and fell asleep. What's to see? He moved down there after Meryl packed up and left. Close up?It doesn't matter. I'll make other arrangements. That's right. Why wouldn't I? You are a travel agent, aren't you? "Doris"? Your job is to help people travel. <i>A month.</i> Today. One. I'm sorry, er...the biggest one. <i>Fiji.</i> I want to book a flight to Fiji. --You never had a camera in my head. I have a map. Nothing was real. <i>A show.</i> Then who am I? The creator of what? Who are you? I...I can't. I think I've studied enough. Right now? We've got finals tomorrow. Actually, I'm free Sunday. Saturday? No? Really? Good, I mean, I thought possibly a pizza. How about Friday? You have a boyfriend? Of course you do. It's okay. I probably wouldn't talk to me either. I'm Truman, Truman Burbank-- Lauren, right? You take Japanese. What's that? So what are you saying, Marlon, the whole thing has been in my head--? This is different. Everybody seems to be in on it. I don't know what to think, Marlon. Maybe I'm going out of my mind, but I get the feeling that the world revolves around me somehow. Stay where you are! Just between you and me, Marlon, I'm going away for a while. Yeah... When you were hauling chickens for Kaiser Poultry, what was the furthest you ever went off the island? Things. Things that doesn't fit. Maybe I'm being set up for something. You ever feel like that, Marlon? Like your whole life has been building to something? This is where it started. I've got to show you something. Could be. Beard looks phony. It's when I'm unpredictable. They can't stand that. That's why we've got to get out of here. Can you come with me? It's hard to tell. They look just like regular people. I think he's alive. I'll tell you about it later. I'm definitely being followed. I think it's got something to do with my dad. There's no point in trying to explain it, but a lot of strange things have been happening - elevators that don't go anywhere, people talking about me on the radio, you know what I mean? I think I'm mixed up in something. I'm onto something, Marlon - something big. I've got to talk to you. Marlon-- I can't tonight. You really think it could've dropped off an airliner? You think so? Yeah, what happened? <i>Spare room</i> - I can start thinking about selling up...and I'll be gone. Up and away on that big steel bird. I'm going, don't you worry about that. It's not that simple. Takes money, planning. You can't just up and go. Oh, I'm going to do it, don't worry about that. I've just got to move slow. Pick my moment. Bonus time's just around the corner. Soon as I finish the... See here, this is us. All the way round here, Fiji. You can't get any further away before you start coming back. Y'know, there are still islands in Fiji where no human has ever set foot. Outta my job, outta Seahaven, off this island...<i>out!</i> I'm thinking of getting out, Marlon. --What are my plans now? Well, next I'm thinking of tackling the Yuba River in an authentic canoe from the Algonquin tribe. --I'm talking about the north fork, a class five rapid - only I'm not going <i>down</i> the Yuba, I'm going <i>up.</i> Do you honestly think for one minute I'd go back to some dreary office to rubber stamp meaningless documents...do you? No. You said, "Do something." Who were you talking to? Tell me! Who were you talking to?! Stop this now. I'll do it. I swear. You're part of this, aren't you?! What the hell has that got to do with anything? Tell me what's happening?! --What the hell are you talking about?! Why do you want to have a child with me? You can't stand me. I've got my Seahaven Bankcard. I'm sure they're just exaggerating. I bet you did. Uhuh. There's no accident. It's just more stalling. It's hard to go places, isn't it? I think I'd like a little company. I've changed my mind again. What's New Orleans like this time of year? Mardi Gras. Or let's just see where the road takes us. Should I? Blocked at every turn. Beautifully synchronized, don't you agree? Because I never have. That's why you go places, isn't it? That's right. I do, don't I? Where shall we go? Where shall we go? Spontaneity is what it's all about. Forget Fiji. We can't very well drive to Fiji, can we? What about Atlantic City? Let's go now. Are you listening to a word I'm saying? I won't be here Sunday. --you're a nurse, aren't you? What do I do? Arrah! What's the hurry? I have to talk with you. But not here. Let's go for a walk. Good night, Mother. I still want to look over a couple of things. I'm not hungry. What did you want? How do you know? Fixing the mower. I saw my father today. I think I'm going to stay up for a while. That can wait. I want to get away. See some of the world. Explore. It'd be an adventure. Maybe I feel like a teenager. --We could bum around the world for a year on that. --I figure we could scrape together eight thousand. I've been thinking-- I won't be late. How did it go today? Gee, that's great. They're... perfect. Thank you. What's that? ...personally I think the unconquered south face is the only one worth scaling...of course it's a 20,000 foot sheer wall of ice but then when did that ever stop me before?...Naturally, I intend to make the ascent without the benefit of oxygen but also without crampons or even an ice pick...<i>risks?</i>... ...sure I'm aware of the risks--why else do you think I would spend seven years as an adjuster in a life insurance company...? It looks so small. We ought to be getting you back, Mother. I'm telling you, if it wasn't him, it was his twin. Did Dad have a brother? They never found Dad's body--maybe somehow-- It was Dad, I swear, dressed like a homeless man. And you know what else was really strange? A businessman and a woman with a little dog appeared from nowhere and forced him onto a bus. I spend half my life out in the sun, Mother, why would I need vitamin D? I've got something to tell you. You'd better sit down. How's your hip? How are you, Mother? You got it. Tell her, tell her...I had to go to Fiji. I'll call her when I get there. Sure. Okay. Fine. Can you pass on a message? I'm looking for my wife--Nurse Burbank. It's important. Well, thank you for your help. Is there any way around? Now what? I don't understand. Were you there--how do you know? --How do you know about that? There's no one here. Who? You can count on it. Tyrone, what if I said I didn't want meatball today? Not bad. I just won the State Lottery.See you tomorrow, Truman. I'd ask for identification. Good. Good. How's it going, Truman?